
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               2297835685000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 355000                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 713388                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   627155                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    74.39                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                            30890818070                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                    26406911                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      46651381                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  2.297836                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2297835685000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu0.Branches                          3839756                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   26406911                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     46651381                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    7822664                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          267                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    4351268                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1458                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                   34783985                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          262                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.numCycles                      4595671370                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                4595671370                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            13839005                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           20392697                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      1306743                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses               2907628                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                      2907628                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads             1835953                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes            2180993                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    2169488                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             45554641                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    45554641                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           96139217                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          36643736                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    7822643                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     12173911                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   4351268                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                 3742      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 33016271     70.77%     70.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  361238      0.77%     71.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                     2154      0.00%     71.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                 722355      1.55%     73.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     96      0.00%     73.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                    2014      0.00%     73.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                    2610      0.01%     73.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       6      0.00%     73.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                    3642      0.01%     73.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                   2241      0.00%     73.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     73.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     73.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                   884      0.00%     73.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     73.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     73.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     73.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd             361015      0.77%     73.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     73.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     73.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     73.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     73.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     73.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     73.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     73.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     73.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     73.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     73.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     73.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     73.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     73.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     73.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     73.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     73.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     73.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     73.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     73.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     73.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     73.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     73.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 6735341     14.44%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                3626599      7.77%     96.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead            1087302      2.33%     98.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite            724669      1.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  46652179                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   65                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAes                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAes                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAes                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests             0                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.rdAccesses                  0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.rdMisses                    0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.wrAccesses                  0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.wrMisses                    0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.itb.rdAccesses                  0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus0.itb.rdMisses                    0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus0.itb.wrAccesses                  0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus0.itb.wrMisses                    0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_vec_insts                   0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAes               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.rdAccesses                  0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.rdMisses                    0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.wrAccesses                  0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.wrMisses                    0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.itb.rdAccesses                  0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus1.itb.rdMisses                    0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus1.itb.wrAccesses                  0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus1.itb.wrMisses                    0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_vec_insts                   0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAes               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.rdAccesses                  0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.rdMisses                    0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.wrAccesses                  0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.wrMisses                    0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.itb.rdAccesses                  0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus2.itb.rdMisses                    0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus2.itb.wrAccesses                  0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus2.itb.wrMisses                    0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_vec_insts                   0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAes               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.rdAccesses                  0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.rdMisses                    0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.wrAccesses                  0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.wrMisses                    0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.itb.rdAccesses                  0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus3.itb.rdMisses                    0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus3.itb.wrAccesses                  0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus3.itb.wrMisses                    0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_vec_insts                   0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAes               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            42606505                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           42606504                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq            4350544                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp           4350544                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache_port::system.mem_ctrls.port     69567829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache_port::total     69567829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache_port::system.mem_ctrls.port     24346268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache_port::total     24346268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               93914097                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache_port::system.mem_ctrls.port    278271312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache_port::total    278271312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache_port::system.mem_ctrls.port     73415856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache_port::total     73415856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               351687168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          46957049                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                46957049    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            46957049                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy         51307593000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2297835685000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        78986276750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        22498488750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2297835685000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus0.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2297835685000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus0.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF 2297835685000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2297835685000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2297835685000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 2297835685000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2297835685000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2297835685000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 2297835685000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2297835685000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2297835685000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 2297835685000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2297835685000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus2.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2297835685000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus2.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF 2297835685000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2297835685000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus3.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2297835685000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus3.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF 2297835685000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2297835685000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus1.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2297835685000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus1.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF 2297835685000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst     278271312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.data      45117974                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          323389286                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst    278271312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total     278271312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.cpu0.data     28297882                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        28297882                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.inst       34783914                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.data        7822590                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            42606504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.cpu0.data       4350544                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            4350544                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.inst        121101484                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.data         19634987                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             140736471                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst    121101484                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        121101484                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.cpu0.data        12315015                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             12315015                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.inst       121101484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.data        31950003                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            153051487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples  34783915.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples   6072680.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.130914720250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds         3552                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds         3552                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState            86536592                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState              53354                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    42606505                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    4350544                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  42606505                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  4350544                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                1806775                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts               4293679                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            380081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1           4880155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              5597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              4277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              5422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            565315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             15408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              3903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              4268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             4141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            10487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13          2716390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14         31816527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           366397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              2947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              3529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              3161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              2897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              2827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              2889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              2848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              2822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              2935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              2967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             2905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             2861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             3000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            12177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             3084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             2993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.11                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 169431864750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat               203998650000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            934426802250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      4152.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                22902.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 35476184                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   52122                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 86.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                 11207                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1               2891328                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                  9075                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3              39694895                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                  134                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1              1083180                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                 1613                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3              3265617                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                40799709                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                      21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   3554                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   3553                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   3553                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   3553                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   3553                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   3553                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   3552                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   3552                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   3552                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   3552                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   3552                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   3552                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   3552                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   3552                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   3552                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   3552                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      5328260                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    490.745530                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   278.177940                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   421.230202                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1728526     32.44%     32.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       464921      8.73%     41.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383       454783      8.54%     49.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511       667427     12.53%     62.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        16781      0.31%     62.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        19435      0.36%     62.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        49437      0.93%     63.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        65352      1.23%     65.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151      1861598     34.94%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      5328260                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         3552                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean   11485.702984                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2529.113256                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095           69      1.94%      1.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            2      0.06%      2.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-12287         2993     84.26%     86.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-16383          485     13.65%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            1      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::73728-77823            1      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::86016-90111            1      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          3552                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         3552                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.002815                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.002597                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.088753                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             3548     99.89%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                3      0.08%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          3552                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             2611182720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ               115633600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 3637888                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               323389294                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             28297882                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1136.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.58                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    140.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     12.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         8.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     8.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2297835608000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48934.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst    278271320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data     34990212                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.cpu0.data       450125                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 121101487.724523708224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 15227464.795856367797                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.cpu0.data 195890.856312469550                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst     34783915                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data      7822590                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.cpu0.data      4350544                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst 757645032000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data 176781770250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.cpu0.data 59381071707500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     21781.48                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     22598.88                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.cpu0.data  13649114.16                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    86.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.actEnergy          27821074260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.preEnergy          14787240270                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.readEnergy        249414151560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.writeEnergy          171852840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.refreshEnergy     181388868960.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.actBackEnergy     1032234092850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.preBackEnergy      13119140640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.totalEnergy       1518936421380                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.averagePower        661.029172                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.totalIdleTime                0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  21319854500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF  76729640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT 2199786190500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.actEnergy          10222744980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.preEnergy           5433506430                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.readEnergy         41895920640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.writeEnergy          124862400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.refreshEnergy     181388868960.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.actBackEnergy     946404283440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.preBackEnergy      85396874880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.totalEnergy       1270867061730                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.averagePower        553.071340                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.totalIdleTime                0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 211998181500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF  76729640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT 2009107863500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2297835685000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2297835685000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2297835685000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 2297835685000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
