
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                  968170500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                    226                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                2390828                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                      395                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                  2077.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                                 466073                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                      470219                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        820335                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.000968                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   968170500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu00.Branches                           52479                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu00.committedInsts                    251408                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                      475748                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.dtb.rdAccesses                     62308                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu00.dtb.rdMisses                         447                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu00.dtb.wrAccesses                     25997                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu00.dtb.wrMisses                         624                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu00.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu00.itb.wrAccesses                    331299                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu00.itb.wrMisses                         402                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.numCycles                        1936341                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                  1936341                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_reads             310815                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_writes            184410                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts        44666                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                20463                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                       20463                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads              30249                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes             14138                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                      3976                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses              461080                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                     461080                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads            902077                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes           386863                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                     62284                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                       88273                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                    25989                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass                4011      0.84%      0.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu                  369520     77.62%     78.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult                    272      0.06%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                    2929      0.62%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                   511      0.11%     79.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                   192      0.04%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                   1690      0.35%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                   2724      0.57%     80.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                     12      0.00%     80.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                   2912      0.61%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                  2061      0.43%     81.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     81.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     81.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                  951      0.20%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                  58342     12.26%     93.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                 21349      4.48%     98.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemRead              3942      0.83%     99.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemWrite             4640      0.97%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total                   476058                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.workload.numSyscalls                 123                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu01.Branches                             780                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu01.committedInsts                     29833                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                       46775                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.dtb.rdAccesses                       991                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu01.dtb.rdMisses                          67                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu01.dtb.wrAccesses                       969                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu01.dtb.wrMisses                          20                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                   0.922867                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu01.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu01.itb.wrAccesses                     43250                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu01.itb.wrMisses                          58                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction               0.077133                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.numCycles                        1936340                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles             149354.924713                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_reads               4572                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_writes              2524                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts          659                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                39951                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                       39951                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads              87792                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes             37063                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                        77                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles             1786985.075287                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses               12210                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                      12210                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads             19718                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes             7944                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                       991                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                        1960                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                      969                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass                 133      0.28%      0.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu                   15514     33.17%     33.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult                      0      0.00%     33.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                      26      0.06%     33.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                    31      0.07%     33.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     33.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                    32      0.07%     33.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     33.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     33.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     33.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     33.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     33.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                    402      0.86%     34.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     34.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                   5059     10.82%     45.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     45.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                    120      0.26%     45.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                  4976     10.64%     56.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     56.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     56.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                  198      0.42%     56.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     56.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     56.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     56.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              4437      9.49%     66.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     66.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     66.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              5016     10.72%     76.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     76.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     76.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult             8873     18.97%     95.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     95.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     95.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     95.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     95.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     95.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     95.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     95.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     95.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     95.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     95.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     95.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     95.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     95.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     95.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     95.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     95.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                    653      1.40%     97.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   649      1.39%     98.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemRead               338      0.72%     99.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemWrite              320      0.68%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total                    46777                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.Branches                             647                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu02.committedInsts                     27706                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                       43049                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.dtb.rdAccesses                       674                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu02.dtb.rdMisses                          69                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu02.dtb.wrAccesses                       809                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu02.dtb.wrMisses                          22                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                   0.928100                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu02.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu02.itb.wrAccesses                     40250                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu02.itb.wrMisses                          58                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction               0.071900                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.numCycles                        1936340                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles             139221.929957                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_reads               3638                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_writes              2066                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts          559                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                37700                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                       37700                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads              83006                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes             35008                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                        55                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles             1797118.070043                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses               10371                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                      10371                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads             16081                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes             6554                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                       674                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                        1483                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                      809                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass                 103      0.24%      0.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu                   13914     32.32%     32.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                      0      0.00%     32.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                      11      0.03%     32.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                    20      0.05%     32.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     32.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                    16      0.04%     32.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     32.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     32.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     32.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     32.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     32.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                    388      0.90%     33.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     33.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                   4782     11.11%     44.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     44.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                     92      0.21%     44.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                  4716     10.95%     55.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     55.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     55.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                  193      0.45%     56.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     56.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     56.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     56.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              4199      9.75%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              4756     11.05%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult             8379     19.46%     96.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     96.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     96.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     96.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     96.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     96.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     96.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     96.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     96.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     96.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     96.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     96.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     96.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     96.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     96.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     96.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     96.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                    414      0.96%     97.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   525      1.22%     98.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemRead               260      0.60%     99.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemWrite              284      0.66%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total                    43052                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.Branches                             621                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu03.committedInsts                     23944                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                       37432                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.dtb.rdAccesses                       641                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu03.dtb.rdMisses                          80                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu03.dtb.wrAccesses                       781                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu03.dtb.wrMisses                          18                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                   0.932689                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu03.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu03.itb.wrAccesses                     34764                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu03.itb.wrMisses                          64                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction               0.067311                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.numCycles                        1936340                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles             130337.934554                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_reads               3496                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_writes              1916                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts          532                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                32324                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                       32324                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads              71110                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes             29987                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                        55                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles             1806002.065446                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                9415                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                       9415                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads             14912                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes             6018                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                       641                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                        1422                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                      781                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass                 107      0.29%      0.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu                   12336     32.95%     33.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult                      0      0.00%     33.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                      15      0.04%     33.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                    21      0.06%     33.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     33.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                    16      0.04%     33.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     33.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     33.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     33.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     33.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     33.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                    388      1.04%     34.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     34.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                   4069     10.87%     45.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     45.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                     92      0.25%     45.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                  4034     10.78%     56.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     56.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     56.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                  191      0.51%     56.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     56.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     56.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     56.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              3572      9.54%     66.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     66.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     66.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              4046     10.81%     77.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult             7126     19.04%     96.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     96.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     96.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     96.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     96.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     96.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     96.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     96.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     96.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     96.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     96.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     96.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     96.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     96.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     96.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     96.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     96.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                    409      1.09%     97.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   497      1.33%     98.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemRead               232      0.62%     99.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemWrite              284      0.76%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total                    37435                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.Branches                             494                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu04.committedInsts                     26826                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                       41191                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.dtb.rdAccesses                       373                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu04.dtb.rdMisses                          50                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu04.dtb.wrAccesses                       669                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu04.dtb.wrMisses                          20                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                   0.937207                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu04.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu04.itb.wrAccesses                     39072                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu04.itb.wrMisses                          54                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction               0.062793                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.numCycles                        1936340                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles             121588.939081                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_reads               2513                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_writes              1516                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts          434                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                37405                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                       37405                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads              82573                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes             34786                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                        37                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles             1814751.060919                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                8682                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                       8682                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads             12559                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes             5201                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                       373                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                        1042                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                      669                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass                  77      0.19%      0.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu                   12709     30.85%     31.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                      0      0.00%     31.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     31.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                    10      0.02%     31.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     31.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     31.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     31.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     31.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     31.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     31.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     31.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                    374      0.91%     31.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     31.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                   4750     11.53%     43.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     43.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                     64      0.16%     43.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                  4689     11.38%     55.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     55.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     55.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                  186      0.45%     55.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     55.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     55.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     55.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              4189     10.17%     65.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     65.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     65.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              4743     11.51%     77.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult             8361     20.30%     97.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     97.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     97.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     97.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     97.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     97.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     97.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     97.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     97.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     97.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     97.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     97.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     97.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     97.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     97.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     97.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     97.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                    177      0.43%     97.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   421      1.02%     98.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemRead               196      0.48%     99.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemWrite              248      0.60%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                    41194                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.Branches                             463                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu05.committedInsts                     23187                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                       35724                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.dtb.rdAccesses                       339                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu05.dtb.rdMisses                          51                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu05.dtb.wrAccesses                       635                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu05.dtb.wrMisses                          19                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                   0.942660                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu05.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu05.itb.wrAccesses                     33763                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu05.itb.wrMisses                          52                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction               0.057340                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.numCycles                        1936322                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles             111028.912423                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_reads               2377                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_writes              1396                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts          407                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                32213                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                       32213                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads              71080                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes             29935                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                        33                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles             1825293.087577                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                7726                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                       7726                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads             11367                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes             4654                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                       339                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                         973                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                      634                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass                  77      0.22%      0.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu                   11156     31.23%     31.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                      0      0.00%     31.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     31.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                    10      0.03%     31.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     31.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     31.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     31.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     31.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     31.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     31.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     31.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                    374      1.05%     32.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     32.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                   4066     11.38%     43.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     43.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                     64      0.18%     44.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                  4032     11.29%     55.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     55.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     55.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                  186      0.52%     55.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     55.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     55.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     55.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              3583     10.03%     65.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     65.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     65.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              4059     11.36%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult             7147     20.00%     97.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     97.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     97.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     97.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     97.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     97.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     97.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     97.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     97.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     97.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     97.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     97.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     97.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     97.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     97.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     97.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     97.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                    170      0.48%     97.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   386      1.08%     98.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemRead               169      0.47%     99.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemWrite              248      0.69%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                    35727                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.Branches                             444                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu06.committedInsts                     20350                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                       31480                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.dtb.rdAccesses                       318                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu06.dtb.rdMisses                          47                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu06.dtb.wrAccesses                       614                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu06.dtb.wrMisses                          17                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                   0.947227                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu06.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu06.itb.wrAccesses                     29622                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu06.itb.wrMisses                          46                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction               0.052773                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.numCycles                        1936340                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles             102185.949122                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_reads               2285                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_writes              1320                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts          388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                28123                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                       28123                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads              62026                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes             26115                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                        33                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles             1834154.050878                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                7033                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                       7033                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads             10535                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes             4269                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                       318                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                         932                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                      614                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass                  77      0.24%      0.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu                    9984     31.71%     31.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                      0      0.00%     31.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     31.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                    10      0.03%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                    374      1.19%     33.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     33.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                   3526     11.20%     44.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     44.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                     64      0.20%     44.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                  3514     11.16%     55.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     55.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     55.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                  186      0.59%     56.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     56.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     56.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     56.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              3105      9.86%     66.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     66.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     66.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              3520     11.18%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult             6191     19.66%     97.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     97.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     97.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     97.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     97.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     97.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     97.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     97.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     97.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     97.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     97.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     97.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     97.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     97.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     97.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     97.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     97.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                    170      0.54%     97.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   366      1.16%     98.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemRead               148      0.47%     99.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemWrite              248      0.79%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                    31483                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.Branches                             417                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu07.committedInsts                     16603                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                       25873                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.dtb.rdAccesses                       290                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu07.dtb.rdMisses                          37                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu07.dtb.wrAccesses                       586                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu07.dtb.wrMisses                          16                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                   0.952761                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu07.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu07.itb.wrAccesses                     24151                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu07.itb.wrMisses                          42                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction               0.047239                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.numCycles                        1936340                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles             91470.954666                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_reads               2150                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_writes              1210                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts          361                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                22735                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                       22735                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads              50104                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes             21083                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                        33                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles             1844869.045334                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                6102                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                       6102                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads              9409                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes             3749                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                       290                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                         876                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                      586                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass                  77      0.30%      0.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu                    8427     32.57%     32.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                      0      0.00%     32.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     32.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                    10      0.04%     32.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     32.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     32.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     32.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     32.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     32.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     32.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     32.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                    374      1.45%     34.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     34.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                   2814     10.87%     45.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     45.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                     64      0.25%     45.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                  2830     10.94%     56.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     56.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     56.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                  186      0.72%     57.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     57.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     57.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     57.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              2477      9.57%     66.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              2808     10.85%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult             4933     19.06%     96.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     96.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     96.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     96.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     96.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     96.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     96.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     96.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     96.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     96.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     96.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     96.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     96.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     96.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     96.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     96.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     96.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                    170      0.66%     97.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   338      1.31%     98.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemRead               120      0.46%     99.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemWrite              248      0.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                    25876                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.Branches                             412                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu08.committedInsts                     15950                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                       24896                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.dtb.rdAccesses                       285                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu08.dtb.rdMisses                          41                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu08.dtb.wrAccesses                       581                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu08.dtb.wrMisses                          13                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                   0.957896                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu08.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu08.itb.wrAccesses                     23196                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu08.itb.wrMisses                          42                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction               0.042104                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.numCycles                        1936340                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles             81527.959812                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_reads               2125                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_writes              1190                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts          356                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                21798                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                       21798                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads              48030                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes             20208                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                        33                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles             1854812.040188                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                5938                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                       5938                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads              9210                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes             3657                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                       285                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                         866                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                      581                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass                  77      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu                    8156     32.76%     33.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                      0      0.00%     33.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     33.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                    10      0.04%     33.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     33.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     33.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     33.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     33.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     33.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     33.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     33.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                    374      1.50%     34.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     34.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                   2690     10.80%     45.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     45.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                     64      0.26%     45.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                  2711     10.89%     56.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     56.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     56.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                  186      0.75%     57.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     57.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     57.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     57.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              2367      9.51%     66.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     66.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     66.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              2684     10.78%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult             4714     18.93%     96.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     96.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     96.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     96.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     96.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     96.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     96.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     96.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     96.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     96.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     96.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     96.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     96.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     96.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     96.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     96.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     96.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                    170      0.68%     97.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   333      1.34%     98.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemRead               115      0.46%     99.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemWrite              248      1.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                    24899                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.Branches                             493                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu09.committedInsts                      9678                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                       15754                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.dtb.rdAccesses                       333                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu09.dtb.rdMisses                          45                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu09.dtb.wrAccesses                       598                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu09.dtb.wrMisses                          14                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                   0.962639                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu09.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu09.itb.wrAccesses                     13964                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu09.itb.wrMisses                          49                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction               0.037361                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.numCycles                        1936340                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles             72343.964564                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_reads               2513                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_writes              1322                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts          402                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                12024                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                       12024                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads              26384                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes             11078                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                        57                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles             1863996.035436                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                5279                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                       5279                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads              9139                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes             3545                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                       333                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                         931                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                      598                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass                  80      0.51%      0.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu                    6183     39.23%     39.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.02%     39.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     39.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                    12      0.08%     39.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     39.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     39.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     39.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     39.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     39.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     39.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     39.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                    374      2.37%     42.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     42.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                   1400      8.88%     51.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     51.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                     66      0.42%     51.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                  1480      9.39%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                  186      1.18%     62.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     62.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     62.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     62.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              1224      7.77%     69.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     69.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     69.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              1392      8.83%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult             2428     15.41%     94.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     94.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     94.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     94.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     94.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     94.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     94.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     94.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     94.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     94.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     94.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     94.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     94.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     94.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     94.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     94.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     94.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                    265      1.68%     95.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   350      2.22%     97.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemRead                68      0.43%     98.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemWrite              248      1.57%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                    15759                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.Branches                             478                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu10.committedInsts                      7775                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                       12903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.dtb.rdAccesses                       318                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu10.dtb.rdMisses                          46                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu10.dtb.wrAccesses                       584                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu10.dtb.wrMisses                          16                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                   0.967255                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu10.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu10.itb.wrAccesses                     11182                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu10.itb.wrMisses                          47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction               0.032745                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.numCycles                        1936341                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles             63405.001935                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_reads               2438                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_writes              1264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts          387                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                 9290                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                        9290                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads              20334                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes              8524                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                        57                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles             1872935.998065                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                4801                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                       4801                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads              8560                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes             3277                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                       318                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                         902                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                      584                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass                  80      0.62%      0.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu                    5386     41.73%     42.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.02%     42.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     42.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                    12      0.09%     42.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     42.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     42.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     42.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     42.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     42.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     42.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     42.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                    374      2.90%     45.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     45.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                   1036      8.03%     53.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     53.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                     66      0.51%     53.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                  1134      8.79%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                  186      1.44%     64.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     64.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     64.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               906      7.02%     71.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     71.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     71.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              1032      8.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult             1790     13.87%     93.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     93.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     93.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     93.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     93.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     93.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     93.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     93.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     93.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     93.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     93.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     93.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     93.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     93.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     93.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     93.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     93.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                    264      2.05%     95.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   336      2.60%     97.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemRead                54      0.42%     98.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemWrite              248      1.92%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                    12907                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.Branches                             350                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu11.committedInsts                      7517                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                       12272                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.dtb.rdAccesses                       222                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu11.dtb.rdMisses                          40                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu11.dtb.wrAccesses                       520                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu11.dtb.wrMisses                          15                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                   0.971708                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu11.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu11.itb.wrAccesses                     10887                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu11.itb.wrMisses                          37                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction               0.028292                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.numCycles                        1936340                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles             54782.973651                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_reads               1817                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_writes               946                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts          294                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                 9667                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                        9667                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads              21182                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes              8877                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                        33                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles             1881557.026349                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                3845                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                       3845                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads              6689                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes             2487                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                       222                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                         742                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                      520                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass                  77      0.63%      0.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu                    4644     37.83%     38.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                      0      0.00%     38.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     38.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                    10      0.08%     38.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     38.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     38.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     38.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     38.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     38.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     38.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     38.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                    374      3.05%     41.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     41.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                   1088      8.86%     50.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     50.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                     64      0.52%     50.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                  1172      9.55%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                  186      1.52%     62.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     62.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     62.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     62.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               952      7.76%     69.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     69.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     69.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              1084      8.83%     78.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     78.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     78.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult             1882     15.33%     93.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     93.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     93.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     93.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     93.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     93.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     93.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     93.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     93.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     93.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     93.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     93.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     93.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     93.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     93.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     93.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     93.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                    168      1.37%     95.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   272      2.22%     97.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemRead                54      0.44%     97.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemWrite              248      2.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                    12275                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.Branches                             328                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu12.committedInsts                      4496                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                        7754                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.dtb.rdAccesses                       200                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu12.dtb.rdMisses                          42                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu12.dtb.wrAccesses                       497                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu12.dtb.wrMisses                          13                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                   0.976479                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu12.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu12.itb.wrAccesses                      6476                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu12.itb.wrMisses                          37                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction               0.023521                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.numCycles                        1936341                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles             45544.001953                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_reads               1707                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_writes               856                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts          272                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                 5327                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                        5327                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads              11575                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes              4824                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                        33                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles             1890796.998047                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                3094                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                       3094                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads              5780                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes             2067                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                       200                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                         697                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                      497                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass                  77      0.99%      0.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu                    3387     43.66%     44.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                      0      0.00%     44.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     44.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                    10      0.13%     44.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     44.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     44.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     44.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     44.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     44.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     44.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     44.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                    374      4.82%     49.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     49.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                    518      6.68%     56.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     56.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                     64      0.83%     57.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                   621      8.01%     65.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                  186      2.40%     67.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     67.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     67.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               445      5.74%     73.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     73.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     73.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               511      6.59%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult              867     11.18%     91.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     91.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     91.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     91.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     91.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     91.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     91.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     91.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     91.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     91.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     91.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     91.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     91.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     91.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     91.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     91.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     91.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                    168      2.17%     93.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   249      3.21%     96.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemRead                32      0.41%     96.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemWrite              248      3.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                     7757                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.Branches                             311                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu13.committedInsts                      2501                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                        4761                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.dtb.rdAccesses                       182                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu13.dtb.rdMisses                          35                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu13.dtb.wrAccesses                       483                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu13.dtb.wrMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                   0.980751                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu13.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu13.itb.wrAccesses                      3563                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu13.itb.wrMisses                          33                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction               0.019249                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.numCycles                        1936341                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles             37272.001962                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_reads               1619                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_writes               794                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts          255                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                 2469                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                        2469                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads               5266                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes              2154                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                        33                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles             1899068.998038                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                2579                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                       2579                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads              5144                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes             1775                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                       182                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                         665                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                      483                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass                  76      1.60%      1.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu                    2543     53.39%     54.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                      0      0.00%     54.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     54.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                     7      0.15%     55.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     55.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     55.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     55.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     55.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     55.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     55.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     55.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                    374      7.85%     62.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     62.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                    140      2.94%     65.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     65.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                     64      1.34%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                   258      5.42%     72.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     72.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     72.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                  186      3.91%     76.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     76.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     76.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               112      2.35%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               134      2.81%     81.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     81.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     81.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult              204      4.28%     86.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     86.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     86.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     86.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     86.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     86.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     86.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     86.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     86.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     86.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     86.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     86.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     86.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     86.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     86.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     86.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     86.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                    167      3.51%     89.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   235      4.93%     94.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemRead                15      0.31%     94.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemWrite              248      5.21%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                     4763                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.Branches                             139                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu14.committedInsts                      1395                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                        2693                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.dtb.rdAccesses                       116                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu14.dtb.rdMisses                          26                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu14.dtb.wrAccesses                       366                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu14.dtb.wrMisses                           4                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                   0.985545                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu14.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu14.itb.wrAccesses                      1987                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu14.itb.wrMisses                          24                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction               0.014455                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.numCycles                        1936281                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles             27988.134696                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_reads                625                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_writes               393                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts           95                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                 1505                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                        1505                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads               3180                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes              1257                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                        27                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles             1908292.865304                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                1415                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                       1415                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads              2968                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes              901                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                       115                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                         481                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                      366                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.04%      0.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntAlu                    1461     54.23%     54.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntMult                      0      0.00%     54.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     54.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd                     1      0.04%     54.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     54.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     54.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     54.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     54.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     54.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     54.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     54.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd                    374     13.88%     68.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu                      2      0.07%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt                     64      2.38%     70.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc                   124      4.60%     75.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     75.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     75.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShift                  186      6.90%     82.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     82.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     82.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     82.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     82.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     82.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     82.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     82.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     82.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     82.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     82.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     82.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     82.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     82.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     82.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     82.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     82.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     82.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     82.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     82.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     82.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     82.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     82.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     82.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     82.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     82.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     82.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                    106      3.93%     86.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   118      4.38%     90.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemRead                 9      0.33%     90.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemWrite              248      9.21%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::total                     2694                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.Branches                              92                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu15.committedInsts                       810                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                        1564                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.dtb.rdAccesses                        93                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu15.dtb.rdMisses                          19                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu15.dtb.wrAccesses                       202                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu15.dtb.wrMisses                           3                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                   0.990420                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu15.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu15.itb.wrAccesses                      1142                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu15.itb.wrMisses                          22                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction               0.009580                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.numCycles                        1936341                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles             18550.001981                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_reads                364                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_writes               233                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts           57                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                  783                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                         783                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads               1649                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes               657                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                        25                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles             1917790.998019                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                 897                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                        897                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads              1869                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes              595                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                        93                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                         294                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                      201                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntAlu                     879     56.17%     56.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntMult                      0      0.00%     56.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     56.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd                     1      0.06%     56.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     56.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     56.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     56.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     56.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     56.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     56.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     56.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd                    194     12.40%     68.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu                      2      0.13%     68.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     68.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt                     34      2.17%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc                    64      4.09%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShift                   96      6.13%     81.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     81.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     81.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     81.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     81.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     81.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     81.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     81.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     81.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     81.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     81.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     81.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     81.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     81.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     81.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     81.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     81.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     81.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     81.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     81.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     81.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     81.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     81.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     81.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     81.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     81.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     81.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                     84      5.37%     86.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                    75      4.79%     91.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemRead                 9      0.58%     91.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemWrite              126      8.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::total                     1565                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.Branches                              52                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu16.committedInsts                       240                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu16.committedOps                         466                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu16.dtb.rdAccesses                        66                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu16.dtb.rdMisses                          16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu16.dtb.wrAccesses                        56                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu16.dtb.wrMisses                           1                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu16.idle_fraction                   0.994924                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu16.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu16.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu16.itb.wrAccesses                       323                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu16.itb.wrMisses                          15                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu16.not_idle_fraction               0.005076                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu16.numCycles                        1936340                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu16.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu16.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu16.num_busy_cycles              9827.996914                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu16.num_cc_register_reads                208                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu16.num_cc_register_writes               123                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu16.num_conditional_control_insts           28                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu16.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu16.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu16.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu16.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu16.num_func_calls                        16                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu16.num_idle_cycles             1926512.003086                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu16.num_int_alu_accesses                 452                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu16.num_int_insts                        452                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu16.num_int_register_reads               926                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu16.num_int_register_writes              344                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu16.num_load_insts                        66                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu16.num_mem_refs                         122                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu16.num_store_insts                       56                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu16.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu16.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu16.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu16.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu16.op_class::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::IntAlu                     344     73.82%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::IntMult                      0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::MemRead                     66     14.16%     87.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::MemWrite                    56     12.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::total                      466                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu17.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu17.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu17.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu17.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu17.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu17.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu17.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu17.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu17.itb.wrAccesses                         1                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu17.itb.wrMisses                           1                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu17.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu17.numCycles                        1936341                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu17.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu17.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu17.num_busy_cycles                 0.002000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu17.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu17.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu17.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu17.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu17.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu17.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu17.num_idle_cycles             1936340.998000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu17.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu17.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu17.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu17.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu17.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu17.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu17.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu17.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu17.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu17.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu17.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu17.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu18.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu18.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu18.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu18.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu18.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu18.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu18.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu18.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu18.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu18.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu18.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu18.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu18.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu18.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu18.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu18.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu18.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu18.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu18.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu18.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu18.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu18.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu18.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu18.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu18.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu18.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu18.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu18.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu18.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu18.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu18.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu18.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu18.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu18.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu19.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu19.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu19.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu19.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu19.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu19.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu19.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu19.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu19.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu19.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu19.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu19.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu19.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu19.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu19.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu19.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu19.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu19.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu19.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu19.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu19.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu19.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu19.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu19.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu19.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu19.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu19.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu19.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu19.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu19.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu19.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu19.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu19.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu19.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu20.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu20.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu20.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu20.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu20.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu20.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu20.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu20.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu20.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu20.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu20.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu20.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu20.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu20.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu20.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu20.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu20.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu20.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu20.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu20.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu20.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu20.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu20.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu20.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu20.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu20.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu20.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu20.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu20.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu20.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu20.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu20.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu20.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu20.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu21.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu21.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu21.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu21.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu21.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu21.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu21.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu21.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu21.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu21.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu21.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu21.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu21.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu21.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu21.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu21.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu21.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu21.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu21.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu21.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu21.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu21.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu21.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu21.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu21.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu21.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu21.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu21.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu21.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu21.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu21.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu21.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu21.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu21.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu22.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu22.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu22.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu22.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu22.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu22.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu22.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu22.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu22.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu22.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu22.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu22.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu22.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu22.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu22.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu22.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu22.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu22.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu22.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu22.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu22.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu22.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu22.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu22.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu22.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu22.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu22.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu22.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu22.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu22.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu22.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu22.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu22.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu22.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu23.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu23.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu23.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu23.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu23.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu23.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu23.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu23.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu23.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu23.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu23.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu23.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu23.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu23.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu23.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu23.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu23.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu23.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu23.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu23.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu23.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu23.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu23.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu23.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu23.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu23.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu23.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu23.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu23.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu23.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu23.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu23.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu23.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu23.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu24.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu24.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu24.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu24.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu24.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu24.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu24.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu24.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu24.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu24.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu24.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu24.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu24.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu24.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu24.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu24.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu24.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu24.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu24.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu24.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu24.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu24.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu24.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu24.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu24.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu24.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu24.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu24.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu24.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu24.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu24.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu24.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu24.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu24.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu25.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu25.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu25.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu25.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu25.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu25.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu25.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu25.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu25.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu25.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu25.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu25.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu25.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu25.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu25.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu25.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu25.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu25.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu25.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu25.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu25.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu25.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu25.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu25.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu25.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu25.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu25.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu25.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu25.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu25.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu25.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu25.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu25.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu25.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu26.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu26.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu26.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu26.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu26.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu26.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu26.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu26.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu26.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu26.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu26.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu26.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu26.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu26.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu26.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu26.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu26.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu26.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu26.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu26.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu26.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu26.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu26.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu26.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu26.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu26.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu26.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu26.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu26.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu26.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu26.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu26.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu26.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu26.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu27.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu27.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu27.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu27.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu27.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu27.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu27.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu27.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu27.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu27.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu27.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu27.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu27.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu27.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu27.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu27.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu27.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu27.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu27.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu27.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu27.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu27.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu27.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu27.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu27.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu27.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu27.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu27.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu27.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu27.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu27.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu27.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu27.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu27.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu28.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu28.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu28.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu28.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu28.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu28.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu28.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu28.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu28.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu28.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu28.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu28.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu28.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu28.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu28.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu28.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu28.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu28.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu28.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu28.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu28.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu28.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu28.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu28.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu28.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu28.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu28.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu28.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu28.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu28.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu28.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu28.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu28.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu28.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu29.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu29.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu29.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu29.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu29.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu29.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu29.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu29.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu29.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu29.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu29.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu29.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu29.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu29.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu29.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu29.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu29.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu29.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu29.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu29.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu29.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu29.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu29.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu29.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu29.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu29.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu29.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu29.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu29.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu29.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu29.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu29.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu29.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu29.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu30.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu30.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu30.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu30.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu30.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu30.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu30.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu30.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu30.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu30.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu30.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu30.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu30.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu30.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu30.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu30.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu30.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu30.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu30.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu30.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu30.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu30.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu30.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu30.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu30.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu30.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu30.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu30.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu30.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu30.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu30.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu30.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu30.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu30.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu31.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu31.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu31.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu31.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu31.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu31.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu31.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu31.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu31.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu31.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu31.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu31.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu31.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu31.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu31.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu31.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu31.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu31.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu31.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu31.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu31.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu31.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu31.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu31.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu31.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu31.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu31.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu31.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu31.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu31.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu31.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu31.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu31.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu31.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu32.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu32.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu32.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu32.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu32.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu32.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu32.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu32.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu32.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu32.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu32.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu32.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu32.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu32.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu32.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu32.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu32.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu32.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu32.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu32.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu32.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu32.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu32.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu32.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu32.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu32.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu32.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu32.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu32.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu32.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu32.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu32.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu32.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu32.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu33.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu33.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu33.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu33.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu33.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu33.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu33.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu33.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu33.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu33.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu33.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu33.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu33.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu33.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu33.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu33.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu33.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu33.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu33.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu33.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu33.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu33.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu33.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu33.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu33.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu33.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu33.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu33.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu33.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu33.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu33.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu33.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu33.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu33.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu34.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu34.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu34.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu34.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu34.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu34.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu34.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu34.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu34.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu34.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu34.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu34.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu34.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu34.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu34.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu34.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu34.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu34.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu34.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu34.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu34.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu34.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu34.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu34.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu34.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu34.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu34.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu34.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu34.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu34.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu34.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu34.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu34.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu34.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu35.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu35.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu35.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu35.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu35.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu35.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu35.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu35.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu35.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu35.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu35.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu35.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu35.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu35.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu35.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu35.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu35.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu35.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu35.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu35.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu35.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu35.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu35.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu35.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu35.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu35.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu35.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu35.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu35.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu35.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu35.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu35.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu35.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu35.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu36.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu36.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu36.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu36.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu36.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu36.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu36.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu36.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu36.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu36.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu36.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu36.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu36.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu36.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu36.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu36.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu36.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu36.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu36.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu36.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu36.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu36.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu36.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu36.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu36.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu36.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu36.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu36.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu36.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu36.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu36.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu36.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu36.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu36.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu37.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu37.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu37.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu37.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu37.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu37.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu37.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu37.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu37.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu37.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu37.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu37.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu37.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu37.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu37.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu37.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu37.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu37.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu37.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu37.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu37.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu37.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu37.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu37.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu37.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu37.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu37.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu37.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu37.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu37.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu37.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu37.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu37.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu37.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu38.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu38.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu38.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu38.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu38.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu38.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu38.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu38.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu38.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu38.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu38.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu38.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu38.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu38.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu38.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu38.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu38.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu38.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu38.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu38.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu38.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu38.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu38.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu38.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu38.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu38.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu38.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu38.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu38.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu38.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu38.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu38.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu38.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu38.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu39.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu39.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu39.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu39.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu39.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu39.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu39.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu39.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu39.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu39.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu39.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu39.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu39.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu39.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu39.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu39.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu39.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu39.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu39.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu39.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu39.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu39.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu39.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu39.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu39.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu39.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu39.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu39.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu39.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu39.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu39.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu39.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu39.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu39.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu40.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu40.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu40.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu40.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu40.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu40.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu40.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu40.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu40.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu40.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu40.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu40.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu40.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu40.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu40.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu40.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu40.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu40.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu40.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu40.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu40.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu40.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu40.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu40.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu40.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu40.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu40.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu40.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu40.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu40.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu40.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu40.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu40.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu40.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu41.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu41.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu41.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu41.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu41.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu41.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu41.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu41.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu41.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu41.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu41.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu41.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu41.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu41.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu41.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu41.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu41.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu41.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu41.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu41.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu41.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu41.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu41.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu41.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu41.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu41.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu41.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu41.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu41.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu41.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu41.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu41.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu41.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu41.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu42.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu42.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu42.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu42.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu42.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu42.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu42.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu42.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu42.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu42.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu42.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu42.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu42.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu42.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu42.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu42.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu42.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu42.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu42.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu42.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu42.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu42.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu42.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu42.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu42.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu42.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu42.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu42.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu42.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu42.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu42.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu42.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu42.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu42.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu43.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu43.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu43.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu43.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu43.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu43.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu43.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu43.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu43.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu43.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu43.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu43.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu43.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu43.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu43.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu43.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu43.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu43.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu43.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu43.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu43.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu43.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu43.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu43.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu43.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu43.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu43.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu43.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu43.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu43.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu43.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu43.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu43.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu43.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu44.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu44.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu44.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu44.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu44.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu44.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu44.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu44.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu44.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu44.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu44.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu44.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu44.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu44.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu44.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu44.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu44.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu44.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu44.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu44.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu44.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu44.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu44.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu44.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu44.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu44.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu44.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu44.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu44.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu44.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu44.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu44.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu44.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu44.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu45.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu45.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu45.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu45.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu45.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu45.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu45.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu45.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu45.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu45.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu45.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu45.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu45.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu45.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu45.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu45.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu45.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu45.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu45.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu45.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu45.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu45.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu45.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu45.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu45.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu45.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu45.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu45.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu45.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu45.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu45.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu45.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu45.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu45.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu46.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu46.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu46.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu46.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu46.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu46.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu46.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu46.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu46.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu46.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu46.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu46.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu46.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu46.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu46.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu46.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu46.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu46.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu46.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu46.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu46.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu46.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu46.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu46.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu46.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu46.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu46.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu46.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu46.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu46.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu46.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu46.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu46.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu46.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu47.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu47.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu47.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu47.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu47.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu47.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu47.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu47.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu47.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu47.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu47.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu47.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu47.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu47.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu47.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu47.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu47.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu47.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu47.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu47.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu47.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu47.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu47.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu47.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu47.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu47.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu47.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu47.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu47.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu47.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu47.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu47.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu47.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu47.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu48.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu48.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu48.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu48.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu48.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu48.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu48.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu48.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu48.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu48.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu48.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu48.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu48.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu48.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu48.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu48.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu48.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu48.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu48.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu48.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu48.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu48.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu48.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu48.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu48.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu48.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu48.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu48.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu48.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu48.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu48.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu48.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu48.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu48.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu49.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu49.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu49.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu49.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu49.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu49.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu49.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu49.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu49.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu49.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu49.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu49.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu49.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu49.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu49.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu49.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu49.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu49.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu49.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu49.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu49.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu49.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu49.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu49.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu49.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu49.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu49.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu49.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu49.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu49.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu49.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu49.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu49.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu49.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu50.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu50.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu50.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu50.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu50.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu50.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu50.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu50.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu50.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu50.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu50.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu50.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu50.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu50.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu50.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu50.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu50.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu50.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu50.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu50.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu50.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu50.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu50.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu50.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu50.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu50.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu50.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu50.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu50.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu50.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu50.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu50.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu50.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu50.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu51.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu51.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu51.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu51.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu51.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu51.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu51.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu51.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu51.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu51.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu51.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu51.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu51.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu51.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu51.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu51.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu51.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu51.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu51.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu51.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu51.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu51.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu51.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu51.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu51.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu51.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu51.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu51.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu51.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu51.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu51.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu51.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu51.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu51.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu52.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu52.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu52.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu52.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu52.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu52.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu52.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu52.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu52.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu52.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu52.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu52.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu52.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu52.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu52.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu52.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu52.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu52.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu52.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu52.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu52.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu52.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu52.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu52.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu52.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu52.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu52.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu52.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu52.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu52.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu52.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu52.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu52.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu52.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu53.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu53.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu53.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu53.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu53.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu53.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu53.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu53.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu53.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu53.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu53.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu53.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu53.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu53.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu53.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu53.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu53.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu53.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu53.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu53.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu53.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu53.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu53.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu53.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu53.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu53.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu53.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu53.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu53.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu53.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu53.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu53.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu53.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu53.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu54.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu54.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu54.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu54.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu54.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu54.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu54.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu54.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu54.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu54.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu54.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu54.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu54.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu54.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu54.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu54.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu54.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu54.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu54.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu54.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu54.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu54.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu54.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu54.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu54.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu54.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu54.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu54.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu54.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu54.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu54.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu54.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu54.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu54.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu55.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu55.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu55.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu55.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu55.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu55.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu55.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu55.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu55.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu55.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu55.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu55.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu55.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu55.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu55.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu55.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu55.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu55.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu55.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu55.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu55.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu55.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu55.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu55.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu55.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu55.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu55.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu55.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu55.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu55.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu55.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu55.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu55.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu55.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu56.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu56.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu56.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu56.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu56.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu56.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu56.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu56.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu56.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu56.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu56.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu56.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu56.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu56.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu56.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu56.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu56.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu56.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu56.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu56.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu56.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu56.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu56.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu56.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu56.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu56.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu56.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu56.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu56.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu56.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu56.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu56.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu56.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu56.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu57.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu57.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu57.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu57.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu57.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu57.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu57.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu57.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu57.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu57.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu57.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu57.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu57.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu57.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu57.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu57.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu57.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu57.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu57.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu57.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu57.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu57.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu57.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu57.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu57.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu57.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu57.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu57.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu57.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu57.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu57.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu57.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu57.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu57.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu58.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu58.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu58.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu58.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu58.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu58.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu58.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu58.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu58.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu58.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu58.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu58.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu58.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu58.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu58.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu58.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu58.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu58.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu58.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu58.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu58.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu58.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu58.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu58.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu58.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu58.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu58.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu58.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu58.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu58.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu58.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu58.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu58.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu58.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu59.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu59.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu59.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu59.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu59.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu59.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu59.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu59.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu59.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu59.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu59.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu59.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu59.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu59.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu59.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu59.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu59.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu59.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu59.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu59.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu59.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu59.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu59.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu59.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu59.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu59.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu59.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu59.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu59.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu59.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu59.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu59.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu59.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu59.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu60.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu60.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu60.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu60.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu60.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu60.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu60.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu60.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu60.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu60.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu60.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu60.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu60.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu60.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu60.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu60.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu60.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu60.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu60.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu60.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu60.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu60.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu60.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu60.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu60.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu60.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu60.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu60.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu60.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu60.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu60.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu60.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu60.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu60.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu61.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu61.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu61.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu61.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu61.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu61.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu61.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu61.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu61.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu61.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu61.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu61.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu61.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu61.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu61.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu61.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu61.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu61.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu61.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu61.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu61.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu61.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu61.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu61.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu61.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu61.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu61.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu61.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu61.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu61.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu61.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu61.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu61.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu61.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu62.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu62.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu62.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu62.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu62.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu62.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu62.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu62.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu62.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu62.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu62.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu62.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu62.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu62.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu62.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu62.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu62.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu62.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu62.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu62.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu62.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu62.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu62.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu62.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu62.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu62.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu62.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu62.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu62.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu62.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu62.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu62.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu62.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu62.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu63.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu63.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu63.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu63.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu63.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu63.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu63.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu63.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu63.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu63.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu63.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu63.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu63.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu63.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu63.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu63.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu63.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu63.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu63.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu63.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu63.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu63.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu63.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu63.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu63.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu63.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu63.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu63.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu63.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu63.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu63.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu63.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu63.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu63.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.deallocTBE |          92      1.91%      1.91% |         113      2.34%      4.25% |          68      1.41%      5.67% |          64      1.33%      6.99% |          95      1.97%      8.96% |          80      1.66%     10.62% |          87      1.81%     12.43% |          76      1.58%     14.01% |          93      1.93%     15.94% |          71      1.47%     17.41% |          86      1.78%     19.19% |          75      1.56%     20.75% |          57      1.18%     21.93% |          62      1.29%     23.22% |          90      1.87%     25.09% |         121      2.51%     27.60% |          76      1.58%     29.18% |          70      1.45%     30.63% |          55      1.14%     31.77% |          58      1.20%     32.97% |          68      1.41%     34.38% |          65      1.35%     35.73% |          64      1.33%     37.06% |          64      1.33%     38.39% |          74      1.54%     39.93% |          89      1.85%     41.77% |          68      1.41%     43.18% |          73      1.51%     44.70% |          62      1.29%     45.98% |          70      1.45%     47.44% |          82      1.70%     49.14% |          76      1.58%     50.72% |          88      1.83%     52.54% |          89      1.85%     54.39% |          88      1.83%     56.21% |          98      2.03%     58.25% |          66      1.37%     59.62% |          66      1.37%     60.99% |          96      1.99%     62.98% |          62      1.29%     64.27% |          68      1.41%     65.68% |          65      1.35%     67.03% |          59      1.22%     68.25% |          56      1.16%     69.41% |          72      1.49%     70.91% |          69      1.43%     72.34% |          70      1.45%     73.79% |          66      1.37%     75.16% |          75      1.56%     76.72% |          68      1.41%     78.13% |          71      1.47%     79.60% |          80      1.66%     81.26% |          71      1.47%     82.74% |          74      1.54%     84.27% |          79      1.64%     85.91% |          79      1.64%     87.55% |          74      1.54%     89.08% |          83      1.72%     90.81% |          83      1.72%     92.53% |          70      1.45%     93.98% |          67      1.39%     95.37% |          69      1.43%     96.80% |          86      1.78%     98.59% |          68      1.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.deallocTBE::total         4819                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I_GetML1C1_0.Progress |          39      1.56%      1.56% |          39      1.56%      3.12% |          38      1.52%      4.63% |          41      1.64%      6.27% |          51      2.04%      8.31% |          47      1.88%     10.18% |          55      2.20%     12.38% |          42      1.68%     14.06% |          37      1.48%     15.54% |          40      1.60%     17.13% |          40      1.60%     18.73% |          33      1.32%     20.05% |          31      1.24%     21.29% |          33      1.32%     22.60% |          32      1.28%     23.88% |          32      1.28%     25.16% |          34      1.36%     26.52% |          31      1.24%     27.76% |          37      1.48%     29.23% |          32      1.28%     30.51% |          33      1.32%     31.83% |          33      1.32%     33.15% |          34      1.36%     34.50% |          35      1.40%     35.90% |          32      1.28%     37.18% |          34      1.36%     38.54% |          34      1.36%     39.90% |          38      1.52%     41.41% |          35      1.40%     42.81% |          35      1.40%     44.21% |          38      1.52%     45.73% |          35      1.40%     47.12% |          36      1.44%     48.56% |          41      1.64%     50.20% |          40      1.60%     51.80% |          44      1.76%     53.55% |          40      1.60%     55.15% |          40      1.60%     56.75% |          44      1.76%     58.51% |          37      1.48%     59.98% |          35      1.40%     61.38% |          38      1.52%     62.90% |          39      1.56%     64.46% |          36      1.44%     65.89% |          38      1.52%     67.41% |          40      1.60%     69.01% |          41      1.64%     70.65% |          39      1.56%     72.20% |          45      1.80%     74.00% |          48      1.92%     75.92% |          42      1.68%     77.60% |          42      1.68%     79.27% |          40      1.60%     80.87% |          44      1.76%     82.63% |          45      1.80%     84.42% |          42      1.68%     86.10% |          43      1.72%     87.82% |          42      1.68%     89.50% |          44      1.76%     91.25% |          44      1.76%     93.01% |          45      1.80%     94.81% |          45      1.80%     96.61% |          43      1.72%     98.32% |          42      1.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I_GetML1C1_0.Progress::total         2504                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I_GetSL1C1_0.Progress |          88      1.92%      1.92% |         106      2.31%      4.22% |          73      1.59%      5.81% |          60      1.31%      7.12% |          78      1.70%      8.81% |          65      1.41%     10.23% |          71      1.55%     11.77% |          67      1.46%     13.23% |          88      1.92%     15.15% |          71      1.55%     16.69% |          83      1.81%     18.50% |          76      1.65%     20.15% |          60      1.31%     21.46% |          65      1.41%     22.87% |          90      1.96%     24.83% |         123      2.68%     27.51% |          75      1.63%     29.14% |          74      1.61%     30.75% |          59      1.28%     32.03% |          63      1.37%     33.41% |          74      1.61%     35.02% |          67      1.46%     36.47% |          61      1.33%     37.80% |          63      1.37%     39.17% |          61      1.33%     40.50% |          84      1.83%     42.33% |          73      1.59%     43.92% |          65      1.41%     45.33% |          58      1.26%     46.59% |          67      1.46%     48.05% |          72      1.57%     49.62% |          69      1.50%     51.12% |          90      1.96%     53.08% |          87      1.89%     54.97% |          81      1.76%     56.74% |          91      1.98%     58.72% |          62      1.35%     60.07% |          64      1.39%     61.46% |          89      1.94%     63.39% |          62      1.35%     64.74% |          69      1.50%     66.25% |          68      1.48%     67.73% |          60      1.31%     69.03% |          60      1.31%     70.34% |          70      1.52%     71.86% |          64      1.39%     73.25% |          69      1.50%     74.76% |          65      1.41%     76.17% |          61      1.33%     77.50% |          54      1.18%     78.67% |          62      1.35%     80.02% |          68      1.48%     81.50% |          67      1.46%     82.96% |          65      1.41%     84.37% |          74      1.61%     85.98% |          75      1.63%     87.62% |          74      1.61%     89.23% |          77      1.68%     90.90% |          79      1.72%     92.62% |          62      1.35%     93.97% |          63      1.37%     95.34% |          65      1.41%     96.76% |          82      1.78%     98.54% |          67      1.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I_GetSL1C1_0.Progress::total         4595                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.allocTBE |           3      1.86%      1.86% |           2      1.24%      3.11% |           2      1.24%      4.35% |           3      1.86%      6.21% |          18     11.18%     17.39% |           1      0.62%     18.01% |           2      1.24%     19.25% |           1      0.62%     19.88% |           1      0.62%     20.50% |           2      1.24%     21.74% |           1      0.62%     22.36% |           1      0.62%     22.98% |           1      0.62%     23.60% |          18     11.18%     34.78% |           2      1.24%     36.02% |           1      0.62%     36.65% |           2      1.24%     37.89% |           1      0.62%     38.51% |           1      0.62%     39.13% |           1      0.62%     39.75% |           2      1.24%     40.99% |           2      1.24%     42.24% |          15      9.32%     51.55% |           0      0.00%     51.55% |           1      0.62%     52.17% |           3      1.86%     54.04% |           0      0.00%     54.04% |           2      1.24%     55.28% |           1      0.62%     55.90% |           1      0.62%     56.52% |           1      0.62%     57.14% |           2      1.24%     58.39% |          21     13.04%     71.43% |           1      0.62%     72.05% |           1      0.62%     72.67% |           1      0.62%     73.29% |           1      0.62%     73.91% |           2      1.24%     75.16% |           1      0.62%     75.78% |          12      7.45%     83.23% |           1      0.62%     83.85% |           1      0.62%     84.47% |           2      1.24%     85.71% |           1      0.62%     86.34% |           1      0.62%     86.96% |           1      0.62%     87.58% |           2      1.24%     88.82% |           1      0.62%     89.44% |           0      0.00%     89.44% |           1      0.62%     90.06% |           2      1.24%     91.30% |           1      0.62%     91.93% |           0      0.00%     91.93% |           1      0.62%     92.55% |           1      0.62%     93.17% |           2      1.24%     94.41% |           1      0.62%     95.03% |           0      0.00%     95.03% |           3      1.86%     96.89% |           1      0.62%     97.52% |           2      1.24%     98.76% |           2      1.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.allocTBE::total          161                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.deallocTBE |          44      1.57%      1.57% |          42      1.50%      3.07% |          43      1.53%      4.60% |          44      1.57%      6.17% |          76      2.71%      8.88% |          48      1.71%     10.59% |          66      2.35%     12.94% |          44      1.57%     14.51% |          43      1.53%     16.04% |          44      1.57%     17.61% |          42      1.50%     19.11% |          37      1.32%     20.43% |          34      1.21%     21.64% |          51      1.82%     23.46% |          37      1.32%     24.78% |          34      1.21%     25.99% |          36      1.28%     27.27% |          34      1.21%     28.48% |          40      1.43%     29.91% |          33      1.18%     31.09% |          39      1.39%     32.48% |          36      1.28%     33.76% |          51      1.82%     35.58% |          37      1.32%     36.90% |          35      1.25%     38.15% |          38      1.35%     39.50% |          38      1.35%     40.86% |          41      1.46%     42.32% |          37      1.32%     43.64% |          37      1.32%     44.96% |          42      1.50%     46.45% |          39      1.39%     47.84% |          65      2.32%     50.16% |          48      1.71%     51.87% |          41      1.46%     53.33% |          50      1.78%     55.12% |          43      1.53%     56.65% |          43      1.53%     58.18% |          46      1.64%     59.82% |          51      1.82%     61.64% |          37      1.32%     62.96% |          41      1.46%     64.42% |          40      1.43%     65.85% |          40      1.43%     67.27% |          41      1.46%     68.73% |          44      1.57%     70.30% |          42      1.50%     71.80% |          42      1.50%     73.30% |          48      1.71%     75.01% |          51      1.82%     76.83% |          45      1.60%     78.43% |          45      1.60%     80.04% |          45      1.60%     81.64% |          48      1.71%     83.35% |          47      1.68%     85.03% |          47      1.68%     86.70% |          46      1.64%     88.34% |          45      1.60%     89.95% |          47      1.68%     91.62% |          47      1.68%     93.30% |          48      1.71%     95.01% |          50      1.78%     96.79% |          46      1.64%     98.43% |          44      1.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.deallocTBE::total         2805                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_GetS.Progress |           3      1.86%      1.86% |           2      1.24%      3.11% |           2      1.24%      4.35% |           3      1.86%      6.21% |          18     11.18%     17.39% |           1      0.62%     18.01% |           2      1.24%     19.25% |           1      0.62%     19.88% |           1      0.62%     20.50% |           2      1.24%     21.74% |           1      0.62%     22.36% |           1      0.62%     22.98% |           1      0.62%     23.60% |          18     11.18%     34.78% |           2      1.24%     36.02% |           1      0.62%     36.65% |           2      1.24%     37.89% |           1      0.62%     38.51% |           1      0.62%     39.13% |           1      0.62%     39.75% |           2      1.24%     40.99% |           2      1.24%     42.24% |          15      9.32%     51.55% |           0      0.00%     51.55% |           1      0.62%     52.17% |           3      1.86%     54.04% |           0      0.00%     54.04% |           2      1.24%     55.28% |           1      0.62%     55.90% |           1      0.62%     56.52% |           1      0.62%     57.14% |           2      1.24%     58.39% |          21     13.04%     71.43% |           1      0.62%     72.05% |           1      0.62%     72.67% |           1      0.62%     73.29% |           1      0.62%     73.91% |           2      1.24%     75.16% |           1      0.62%     75.78% |          12      7.45%     83.23% |           1      0.62%     83.85% |           1      0.62%     84.47% |           2      1.24%     85.71% |           1      0.62%     86.34% |           1      0.62%     86.96% |           1      0.62%     87.58% |           2      1.24%     88.82% |           1      0.62%     89.44% |           0      0.00%     89.44% |           1      0.62%     90.06% |           2      1.24%     91.30% |           1      0.62%     91.93% |           0      0.00%     91.93% |           1      0.62%     92.55% |           1      0.62%     93.17% |           2      1.24%     94.41% |           1      0.62%     95.03% |           0      0.00%     95.03% |           3      1.86%     96.89% |           1      0.62%     97.52% |           2      1.24%     98.76% |           2      1.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_GetS.Progress::total          161                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_GetS.Stallreqto_in |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3      1.36%      1.36% |           0      0.00%      1.36% |           0      0.00%      1.36% |           0      0.00%      1.36% |           0      0.00%      1.36% |           0      0.00%      1.36% |           0      0.00%      1.36% |           0      0.00%      1.36% |           6      2.73%      4.09% |           0      0.00%      4.09% |          12      5.45%      9.55% |           0      0.00%      9.55% |           0      0.00%      9.55% |           0      0.00%      9.55% |           0      0.00%      9.55% |           0      0.00%      9.55% |          11      5.00%     14.55% |           0      0.00%     14.55% |          32     14.55%     29.09% |           0      0.00%     29.09% |           1      0.45%     29.55% |           0      0.00%     29.55% |           0      0.00%     29.55% |           0      0.00%     29.55% |           0      0.00%     29.55% |           0      0.00%     29.55% |           0      0.00%     29.55% |          48     21.82%     51.36% |          31     14.09%     65.45% |           0      0.00%     65.45% |           0      0.00%     65.45% |           5      2.27%     67.73% |           0      0.00%     67.73% |           0      0.00%     67.73% |           0      0.00%     67.73% |           8      3.64%     71.36% |           0      0.00%     71.36% |           0      0.00%     71.36% |           0      0.00%     71.36% |          14      6.36%     77.73% |           0      0.00%     77.73% |           0      0.00%     77.73% |           0      0.00%     77.73% |          15      6.82%     84.55% |           0      0.00%     84.55% |           0      0.00%     84.55% |           0      0.00%     84.55% |           5      2.27%     86.82% |           0      0.00%     86.82% |           0      0.00%     86.82% |           0      0.00%     86.82% |           7      3.18%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |          15      6.82%     96.82% |           7      3.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_GetS.Stallreqto_in::total          220                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_GetS_WBL1C1_0.Progress |           3      1.86%      1.86% |           2      1.24%      3.11% |           2      1.24%      4.35% |           3      1.86%      6.21% |          18     11.18%     17.39% |           1      0.62%     18.01% |           2      1.24%     19.25% |           1      0.62%     19.88% |           1      0.62%     20.50% |           2      1.24%     21.74% |           1      0.62%     22.36% |           1      0.62%     22.98% |           1      0.62%     23.60% |          18     11.18%     34.78% |           2      1.24%     36.02% |           1      0.62%     36.65% |           2      1.24%     37.89% |           1      0.62%     38.51% |           1      0.62%     39.13% |           1      0.62%     39.75% |           2      1.24%     40.99% |           2      1.24%     42.24% |          15      9.32%     51.55% |           0      0.00%     51.55% |           1      0.62%     52.17% |           3      1.86%     54.04% |           0      0.00%     54.04% |           2      1.24%     55.28% |           1      0.62%     55.90% |           1      0.62%     56.52% |           1      0.62%     57.14% |           2      1.24%     58.39% |          21     13.04%     71.43% |           1      0.62%     72.05% |           1      0.62%     72.67% |           1      0.62%     73.29% |           1      0.62%     73.91% |           2      1.24%     75.16% |           1      0.62%     75.78% |          12      7.45%     83.23% |           1      0.62%     83.85% |           1      0.62%     84.47% |           2      1.24%     85.71% |           1      0.62%     86.34% |           1      0.62%     86.96% |           1      0.62%     87.58% |           2      1.24%     88.82% |           1      0.62%     89.44% |           0      0.00%     89.44% |           1      0.62%     90.06% |           2      1.24%     91.30% |           1      0.62%     91.93% |           0      0.00%     91.93% |           1      0.62%     92.55% |           1      0.62%     93.17% |           2      1.24%     94.41% |           1      0.62%     95.03% |           0      0.00%     95.03% |           3      1.86%     96.89% |           1      0.62%     97.52% |           2      1.24%     98.76% |           2      1.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_GetS_WBL1C1_0.Progress::total          161                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_GetS_WBL1C1_0.Stallreqto_in |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3      6.98%      6.98% |           0      0.00%      6.98% |           0      0.00%      6.98% |           0      0.00%      6.98% |           0      0.00%      6.98% |           0      0.00%      6.98% |           0      0.00%      6.98% |           0      0.00%      6.98% |           2      4.65%     11.63% |           0      0.00%     11.63% |           2      4.65%     16.28% |           0      0.00%     16.28% |           0      0.00%     16.28% |           0      0.00%     16.28% |           0      0.00%     16.28% |           0      0.00%     16.28% |           2      4.65%     20.93% |           0      0.00%     20.93% |           5     11.63%     32.56% |           0      0.00%     32.56% |           3      6.98%     39.53% |           0      0.00%     39.53% |           0      0.00%     39.53% |           0      0.00%     39.53% |           0      0.00%     39.53% |           0      0.00%     39.53% |           0      0.00%     39.53% |           2      4.65%     44.19% |           6     13.95%     58.14% |           0      0.00%     58.14% |           0      0.00%     58.14% |           2      4.65%     62.79% |           0      0.00%     62.79% |           0      0.00%     62.79% |           0      0.00%     62.79% |           2      4.65%     67.44% |           0      0.00%     67.44% |           0      0.00%     67.44% |           0      0.00%     67.44% |           2      4.65%     72.09% |           0      0.00%     72.09% |           0      0.00%     72.09% |           0      0.00%     72.09% |           2      4.65%     76.74% |           0      0.00%     76.74% |           0      0.00%     76.74% |           0      0.00%     76.74% |           3      6.98%     83.72% |           0      0.00%     83.72% |           0      0.00%     83.72% |           0      0.00%     83.72% |           3      6.98%     90.70% |           0      0.00%     90.70% |           0      0.00%     90.70% |           0      0.00%     90.70% |           2      4.65%     95.35% |           2      4.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_GetS_WBL1C1_0.Stallreqto_in::total           43                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_PutML1C1_0.Progress |          18      1.69%      1.69% |          19      1.78%      3.46% |          13      1.22%      4.68% |          19      1.78%      6.46% |          28      2.62%      9.08% |          29      2.72%     11.80% |          33      3.09%     14.89% |          19      1.78%     16.67% |          21      1.97%     18.63% |          15      1.40%     20.04% |          19      1.78%     21.82% |          18      1.69%     23.50% |          12      1.12%     24.63% |          13      1.22%     25.84% |          14      1.31%     27.15% |          15      1.40%     28.56% |          12      1.12%     29.68% |          15      1.40%     31.09% |          10      0.94%     32.02% |           9      0.84%     32.87% |          13      1.22%     34.08% |          12      1.12%     35.21% |          14      1.31%     36.52% |          13      1.22%     37.73% |          17      1.59%     39.33% |          17      1.59%     40.92% |          11      1.03%     41.95% |          18      1.69%     43.63% |          15      1.40%     45.04% |          14      1.31%     46.35% |          20      1.87%     48.22% |          17      1.59%     49.81% |          12      1.12%     50.94% |          18      1.69%     52.62% |          19      1.78%     54.40% |          16      1.50%     55.90% |          17      1.59%     57.49% |          14      1.31%     58.80% |          22      2.06%     60.86% |          13      1.22%     62.08% |          13      1.22%     63.30% |          16      1.50%     64.79% |          14      1.31%     66.10% |          14      1.31%     67.42% |          16      1.50%     68.91% |          17      1.59%     70.51% |          15      1.40%     71.91% |          15      1.40%     73.31% |          22      2.06%     75.37% |          20      1.87%     77.25% |          16      1.50%     78.75% |          20      1.87%     80.62% |          18      1.69%     82.30% |          19      1.78%     84.08% |          19      1.78%     85.86% |          20      1.87%     87.73% |          15      1.40%     89.14% |          17      1.59%     90.73% |          19      1.78%     92.51% |          18      1.69%     94.19% |          15      1.40%     95.60% |          16      1.50%     97.10% |          17      1.59%     98.69% |          14      1.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_PutML1C1_0.Progress::total         1068                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Progress |         226      2.04%      2.04% |         226      2.04%      4.08% |         177      1.60%      5.68% |         185      1.67%      7.35% |         247      2.23%      9.58% |         174      1.57%     11.15% |         188      1.70%     12.84% |         165      1.49%     14.33% |         183      1.65%     15.99% |         177      1.60%     17.58% |         192      1.73%     19.32% |         178      1.61%     20.92% |         138      1.25%     22.17% |         202      1.82%     23.99% |         198      1.79%     25.78% |         240      2.17%     27.94% |         159      1.44%     29.38% |         181      1.63%     31.01% |         160      1.44%     32.46% |         168      1.52%     33.97% |         166      1.50%     35.47% |         124      1.12%     36.59% |         185      1.67%     38.26% |         145      1.31%     39.57% |         120      1.08%     40.65% |         197      1.78%     42.43% |         165      1.49%     43.92% |         147      1.33%     45.25% |         138      1.25%     46.49% |         141      1.27%     47.77% |         161      1.45%     49.22% |         154      1.39%     50.61% |         251      2.27%     52.87% |         192      1.73%     54.61% |         183      1.65%     56.26% |         173      1.56%     57.82% |         130      1.17%     58.99% |         140      1.26%     60.26% |         182      1.64%     61.90% |         209      1.89%     63.79% |         165      1.49%     65.28% |         171      1.54%     66.82% |         161      1.45%     68.27% |         161      1.45%     69.73% |         175      1.58%     71.31% |         159      1.44%     72.74% |         148      1.34%     74.08% |         155      1.40%     75.48% |         147      1.33%     76.80% |         169      1.53%     78.33% |         171      1.54%     79.87% |         163      1.47%     81.34% |         211      1.90%     83.25% |         166      1.50%     84.75% |         175      1.58%     86.33% |         178      1.61%     87.93% |         161      1.45%     89.39% |         158      1.43%     90.81% |         190      1.71%     92.53% |         159      1.44%     93.96% |         176      1.59%     95.55% |         164      1.48%     97.03% |         167      1.51%     98.54% |         162      1.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Progress::total        11079                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.deallocTBE |         175      2.39%      2.39% |         175      2.39%      4.78% |         122      1.67%      6.44% |         124      1.69%      8.14% |         131      1.79%      9.92% |          97      1.32%     11.25% |          89      1.22%     12.46% |         105      1.43%     13.90% |         120      1.64%     15.54% |         122      1.67%     17.20% |         137      1.87%     19.07% |         125      1.71%     20.78% |          93      1.27%     22.05% |         121      1.65%     23.70% |         147      2.01%     25.71% |         204      2.78%     28.49% |         119      1.62%     30.12% |         135      1.84%     31.96% |         114      1.56%     33.52% |         140      1.91%     35.43% |         130      1.77%     37.20% |          77      1.05%     38.25% |         112      1.53%     39.78% |         103      1.41%     41.19% |          70      0.96%     42.14% |         141      1.92%     44.07% |         121      1.65%     45.72% |          87      1.19%     46.91% |          86      1.17%     48.08% |          89      1.22%     49.30% |         106      1.45%     50.74% |          99      1.35%     52.10% |         171      2.33%     54.43% |         127      1.73%     56.16% |         132      1.80%     57.97% |         112      1.53%     59.49% |          72      0.98%     60.48% |          84      1.15%     61.62% |         113      1.54%     63.17% |         134      1.83%     65.00% |         117      1.60%     66.59% |         114      1.56%     68.15% |         106      1.45%     69.60% |         108      1.47%     71.07% |         122      1.67%     72.74% |         100      1.37%     74.10% |          90      1.23%     75.33% |          98      1.34%     76.67% |          79      1.08%     77.75% |         101      1.38%     79.13% |         108      1.47%     80.60% |          98      1.34%     81.94% |         156      2.13%     84.07% |         101      1.38%     85.45% |         109      1.49%     86.94% |         111      1.52%     88.45% |         105      1.43%     89.88% |          98      1.34%     91.22% |         123      1.68%     92.90% |          94      1.28%     94.18% |         114      1.56%     95.74% |         100      1.37%     97.11% |         105      1.43%     98.54% |         107      1.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.deallocTBE::total         7325                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S_GetML1C1_0.Progress |           2      1.89%      1.89% |           1      0.94%      2.83% |           1      0.94%      3.77% |           1      0.94%      4.72% |          17     16.04%     20.75% |           0      0.00%     20.75% |           2      1.89%     22.64% |           0      0.00%     22.64% |           1      0.94%     23.58% |           1      0.94%     24.53% |           1      0.94%     25.47% |           0      0.00%     25.47% |           1      0.94%     26.42% |          16     15.09%     41.51% |           1      0.94%     42.45% |           0      0.00%     42.45% |           1      0.94%     43.40% |           1      0.94%     44.34% |           1      0.94%     45.28% |           0      0.00%     45.28% |           2      1.89%     47.17% |           2      1.89%     49.06% |          15     14.15%     63.21% |           0      0.00%     63.21% |           1      0.94%     64.15% |           2      1.89%     66.04% |           0      0.00%     66.04% |           0      0.00%     66.04% |           0      0.00%     66.04% |           1      0.94%     66.98% |           0      0.00%     66.98% |           1      0.94%     67.92% |           8      7.55%     75.47% |           1      0.94%     76.42% |           0      0.00%     76.42% |           1      0.94%     77.36% |           0      0.00%     77.36% |           0      0.00%     77.36% |           0      0.00%     77.36% |          11     10.38%     87.74% |           0      0.00%     87.74% |           1      0.94%     88.68% |           0      0.00%     88.68% |           1      0.94%     89.62% |           0      0.00%     89.62% |           1      0.94%     90.57% |           0      0.00%     90.57% |           1      0.94%     91.51% |           0      0.00%     91.51% |           1      0.94%     92.45% |           1      0.94%     93.40% |           1      0.94%     94.34% |           0      0.00%     94.34% |           1      0.94%     95.28% |           0      0.00%     95.28% |           1      0.94%     96.23% |           0      0.00%     96.23% |           0      0.00%     96.23% |           1      0.94%     97.17% |           1      0.94%     98.11% |           1      0.94%     99.06% |           1      0.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S_GetML1C1_0.Progress::total          106                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S_GetML1C1_1.Progress |           1      1.01%      1.01% |           2      2.02%      3.03% |           2      2.02%      5.05% |           0      0.00%      5.05% |           5      5.05%     10.10% |           1      1.01%     11.11% |           7      7.07%     18.18% |           1      1.01%     19.19% |           4      4.04%     23.23% |           1      1.01%     24.24% |           0      0.00%     24.24% |           3      3.03%     27.27% |           1      1.01%     28.28% |           2      2.02%     30.30% |           2      2.02%     32.32% |           1      1.01%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      1.01%     34.34% |           0      0.00%     34.34% |           0      0.00%     34.34% |           2      2.02%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           1      1.01%     37.37% |           1      1.01%     38.38% |           1      1.01%     39.39% |           2      2.02%     41.41% |           2      2.02%     43.43% |           2      2.02%     45.45% |           1      1.01%     46.46% |           1      1.01%     47.47% |           2      2.02%     49.49% |           3      3.03%     52.53% |           1      1.01%     53.54% |           4      4.04%     57.58% |           1      1.01%     58.59% |           0      0.00%     58.59% |           2      2.02%     60.61% |           0      0.00%     60.61% |           2      2.02%     62.63% |           2      2.02%     64.65% |           1      1.01%     65.66% |           1      1.01%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           2      2.02%     68.69% |           2      2.02%     70.71% |           1      1.01%     71.72% |           1      1.01%     72.73% |           1      1.01%     73.74% |           2      2.02%     75.76% |           0      0.00%     75.76% |           2      2.02%     77.78% |           1      1.01%     78.79% |           4      4.04%     82.83% |           2      2.02%     84.85% |           0      0.00%     84.85% |           3      3.03%     87.88% |           2      2.02%     89.90% |           1      1.01%     90.91% |           2      2.02%     92.93% |           1      1.01%     93.94% |           1      1.01%     94.95% |           2      2.02%     96.97% |           2      2.02%     98.99% |           1      1.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S_GetML1C1_1.Progress::total           99                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S_GetML1C1_2.Progress |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           1      5.56%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |          12     66.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      5.56%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S_GetML1C1_2.Progress::total           18                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S_GetSL1C1_0.Progress |          71      3.00%      3.00% |          55      2.32%      5.32% |          46      1.94%      7.27% |          57      2.41%      9.67% |          32      1.35%     11.03% |          30      1.27%     12.29% |          16      0.68%     12.97% |          34      1.44%     14.41% |          30      1.27%     15.67% |          45      1.90%     17.57% |          47      1.99%     19.56% |          46      1.94%     21.50% |          31      1.31%     22.81% |          37      1.56%     24.38% |          55      2.32%     26.70% |          67      2.83%     29.53% |          33      1.39%     30.93% |          56      2.37%     33.29% |          51      2.15%     35.45% |          62      2.62%     38.07% |          38      1.61%     39.67% |           6      0.25%     39.92% |          30      1.27%     41.19% |          33      1.39%     42.59% |           6      0.25%     42.84% |          52      2.20%     45.04% |          45      1.90%     46.94% |          20      0.84%     47.78% |          27      1.14%     48.92% |          21      0.89%     49.81% |          27      1.14%     50.95% |          25      1.06%     52.01% |          50      2.11%     54.12% |          39      1.65%     55.77% |          40      1.69%     57.46% |          19      0.80%     58.26% |           7      0.30%     58.56% |          17      0.72%     59.27% |          23      0.97%     60.25% |          60      2.53%     62.78% |          45      1.90%     64.68% |          45      1.90%     66.58% |          44      1.86%     68.44% |          46      1.94%     70.38% |          47      1.99%     72.37% |          34      1.44%     73.81% |          18      0.76%     74.57% |          32      1.35%     75.92% |          17      0.72%     76.64% |          44      1.86%     78.50% |          44      1.86%     80.35% |          29      1.23%     81.58% |          82      3.46%     85.04% |          33      1.39%     86.44% |          34      1.44%     87.87% |          33      1.39%     89.27% |          25      1.06%     90.33% |          21      0.89%     91.21% |          39      1.65%     92.86% |          31      1.31%     94.17% |          47      1.99%     96.16% |          31      1.31%     97.47% |          22      0.93%     98.39% |          38      1.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S_GetSL1C1_0.Progress::total         2367                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S_GetSL1C1_0.Stallreqto_in |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      4.10%      4.10% |           9      7.38%     11.48% |           2      1.64%     13.11% |           7      5.74%     18.85% |           0      0.00%     18.85% |           2      1.64%     20.49% |           2      1.64%     22.13% |           0      0.00%     22.13% |          14     11.48%     33.61% |           9      7.38%     40.98% |           1      0.82%     41.80% |           1      0.82%     42.62% |           4      3.28%     45.90% |           7      5.74%     51.64% |           9      7.38%     59.02% |           5      4.10%     63.11% |           2      1.64%     64.75% |           0      0.00%     64.75% |           0      0.00%     64.75% |           6      4.92%     69.67% |           0      0.00%     69.67% |           4      3.28%     72.95% |           0      0.00%     72.95% |           0      0.00%     72.95% |           0      0.00%     72.95% |           0      0.00%     72.95% |           0      0.00%     72.95% |           0      0.00%     72.95% |           0      0.00%     72.95% |           0      0.00%     72.95% |           0      0.00%     72.95% |           2      1.64%     74.59% |           0      0.00%     74.59% |           9      7.38%     81.97% |           0      0.00%     81.97% |           0      0.00%     81.97% |           8      6.56%     88.52% |           0      0.00%     88.52% |           0      0.00%     88.52% |           0      0.00%     88.52% |           0      0.00%     88.52% |           0      0.00%     88.52% |           0      0.00%     88.52% |           0      0.00%     88.52% |           0      0.00%     88.52% |           0      0.00%     88.52% |           0      0.00%     88.52% |           0      0.00%     88.52% |           0      0.00%     88.52% |           0      0.00%     88.52% |           9      7.38%     95.90% |           0      0.00%     95.90% |           0      0.00%     95.90% |           0      0.00%     95.90% |           0      0.00%     95.90% |           0      0.00%     95.90% |           0      0.00%     95.90% |           0      0.00%     95.90% |           0      0.00%     95.90% |           1      0.82%     96.72% |           4      3.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S_GetSL1C1_0.Stallreqto_in::total          122                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Stallreqto_in |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      1.30%      1.30% |           9      2.34%      3.64% |           2      0.52%      4.16% |          13      3.38%      7.53% |           0      0.00%      7.53% |           2      0.52%      8.05% |           2      0.52%      8.57% |           0      0.00%      8.57% |          14      3.64%     12.21% |           9      2.34%     14.55% |           1      0.26%     14.81% |           9      2.34%     17.14% |           4      1.04%     18.18% |          21      5.45%     23.64% |           9      2.34%     25.97% |           5      1.30%     27.27% |           2      0.52%     27.79% |           0      0.00%     27.79% |           0      0.00%     27.79% |          19      4.94%     32.73% |           0      0.00%     32.73% |          41     10.65%     43.38% |           0      0.00%     43.38% |           4      1.04%     44.42% |           0      0.00%     44.42% |           0      0.00%     44.42% |           0      0.00%     44.42% |           0      0.00%     44.42% |           0      0.00%     44.42% |           0      0.00%     44.42% |          50     12.99%     57.40% |          39     10.13%     67.53% |           0      0.00%     67.53% |           9      2.34%     69.87% |           7      1.82%     71.69% |           0      0.00%     71.69% |           8      2.08%     73.77% |           0      0.00%     73.77% |          10      2.60%     76.36% |           0      0.00%     76.36% |           0      0.00%     76.36% |           0      0.00%     76.36% |          16      4.16%     80.52% |           0      0.00%     80.52% |           0      0.00%     80.52% |           0      0.00%     80.52% |          17      4.42%     84.94% |           0      0.00%     84.94% |           0      0.00%     84.94% |           0      0.00%     84.94% |          17      4.42%     89.35% |           0      0.00%     89.35% |           0      0.00%     89.35% |           0      0.00%     89.35% |          10      2.60%     91.95% |           0      0.00%     91.95% |           0      0.00%     91.95% |           0      0.00%     91.95% |          17      4.42%     96.36% |          10      2.60%     98.96% |           4      1.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Stallreqto_in::total          385                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.allocTBE |           3      1.86%      1.86% |           2      1.24%      3.11% |           2      1.24%      4.35% |           3      1.86%      6.21% |          18     11.18%     17.39% |           1      0.62%     18.01% |           2      1.24%     19.25% |           1      0.62%     19.88% |           1      0.62%     20.50% |           2      1.24%     21.74% |           1      0.62%     22.36% |           1      0.62%     22.98% |           1      0.62%     23.60% |          18     11.18%     34.78% |           2      1.24%     36.02% |           1      0.62%     36.65% |           2      1.24%     37.89% |           1      0.62%     38.51% |           1      0.62%     39.13% |           1      0.62%     39.75% |           2      1.24%     40.99% |           2      1.24%     42.24% |          15      9.32%     51.55% |           0      0.00%     51.55% |           1      0.62%     52.17% |           3      1.86%     54.04% |           0      0.00%     54.04% |           2      1.24%     55.28% |           1      0.62%     55.90% |           1      0.62%     56.52% |           1      0.62%     57.14% |           2      1.24%     58.39% |          21     13.04%     71.43% |           1      0.62%     72.05% |           1      0.62%     72.67% |           1      0.62%     73.29% |           1      0.62%     73.91% |           2      1.24%     75.16% |           1      0.62%     75.78% |          12      7.45%     83.23% |           1      0.62%     83.85% |           1      0.62%     84.47% |           2      1.24%     85.71% |           1      0.62%     86.34% |           1      0.62%     86.96% |           1      0.62%     87.58% |           2      1.24%     88.82% |           1      0.62%     89.44% |           0      0.00%     89.44% |           1      0.62%     90.06% |           2      1.24%     91.30% |           1      0.62%     91.93% |           0      0.00%     91.93% |           1      0.62%     92.55% |           1      0.62%     93.17% |           2      1.24%     94.41% |           1      0.62%     95.03% |           0      0.00%     95.03% |           3      1.86%     96.89% |           1      0.62%     97.52% |           2      1.24%     98.76% |           2      1.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.allocTBE::total          161                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.deallocTBE |         311      2.08%      2.08% |         330      2.21%      4.29% |         233      1.56%      5.85% |         232      1.55%      7.40% |         302      2.02%      9.42% |         225      1.51%     10.92% |         242      1.62%     12.54% |         225      1.51%     14.05% |         256      1.71%     15.76% |         237      1.59%     17.35% |         265      1.77%     19.12% |         237      1.59%     20.70% |         184      1.23%     21.93% |         234      1.57%     23.50% |         274      1.83%     25.33% |         359      2.40%     27.73% |         231      1.55%     29.28% |         239      1.60%     30.88% |         209      1.40%     32.28% |         231      1.55%     33.82% |         237      1.59%     35.41% |         178      1.19%     36.60% |         227      1.52%     38.12% |         204      1.36%     39.48% |         179      1.20%     40.68% |         268      1.79%     42.47% |         227      1.52%     43.99% |         201      1.34%     45.33% |         185      1.24%     46.57% |         196      1.31%     47.88% |         230      1.54%     49.42% |         214      1.43%     50.85% |         324      2.17%     53.02% |         264      1.77%     54.79% |         261      1.75%     56.53% |         260      1.74%     58.27% |         181      1.21%     59.48% |         193      1.29%     60.77% |         255      1.71%     62.48% |         247      1.65%     64.13% |         222      1.49%     65.62% |         220      1.47%     67.09% |         205      1.37%     68.46% |         204      1.36%     69.82% |         235      1.57%     71.40% |         213      1.42%     72.82% |         202      1.35%     74.17% |         206      1.38%     75.55% |         202      1.35%     76.90% |         220      1.47%     78.37% |         224      1.50%     79.87% |         223      1.49%     81.36% |         272      1.82%     83.18% |         223      1.49%     84.67% |         235      1.57%     86.25% |         237      1.59%     87.83% |         225      1.51%     89.34% |         226      1.51%     90.85% |         253      1.69%     92.54% |         211      1.41%     93.95% |         229      1.53%     95.48% |         219      1.46%     96.95% |         237      1.59%     98.54% |         219      1.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.deallocTBE::total        14949                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       645487                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |      645487    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       645487                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples       648824                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     0.000237                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.191187                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |      648823    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total       648824                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3337                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     0.046149                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.665892                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        3336     99.97%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           1      0.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         3337                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.allocI_load |        4480     62.89%     62.89% |         272      3.82%     66.70% |         252      3.54%     70.24% |         253      3.55%     73.79% |         154      2.16%     75.95% |         153      2.15%     78.10% |         150      2.11%     80.21% |         152      2.13%     82.34% |         153      2.15%     84.49% |         208      2.92%     87.41% |         208      2.92%     90.33% |         151      2.12%     92.45% |         153      2.15%     94.60% |         139      1.95%     96.55% |         104      1.46%     98.01% |          79      1.11%     99.12% |          63      0.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.allocI_load::total         7124                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.allocI_store |        1492     57.36%     57.36% |          99      3.81%     61.17% |          96      3.69%     64.86% |          94      3.61%     68.47% |          86      3.31%     71.78% |          82      3.15%     74.93% |          78      3.00%     77.93% |          74      2.85%     80.78% |          74      2.85%     83.62% |          72      2.77%     86.39% |          71      2.73%     89.12% |          66      2.54%     91.66% |          63      2.42%     94.08% |          61      2.35%     96.42% |          50      1.92%     98.35% |          31      1.19%     99.54% |          12      0.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.allocI_store::total         2601                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.deallocfwdfrom_in |        4995     94.39%     94.39% |          37      0.70%     95.09% |          28      0.53%     95.62% |          51      0.96%     96.58% |          28      0.53%     97.11% |          16      0.30%     97.41% |          12      0.23%     97.64% |          14      0.26%     97.90% |          14      0.26%     98.17% |          23      0.43%     98.60% |          23      0.43%     99.04% |          14      0.26%     99.30% |          16      0.30%     99.60% |          11      0.21%     99.81% |           5      0.09%     99.91% |           4      0.08%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.deallocfwdfrom_in::total         5292                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_load.Stallfwdfrom_in |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          13    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_load.Stallfwdfrom_in::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_store.Progress |           4      8.89%      8.89% |           0      0.00%      8.89% |           1      2.22%     11.11% |           4      8.89%     20.00% |           2      4.44%     24.44% |           4      8.89%     33.33% |           5     11.11%     44.44% |           4      8.89%     53.33% |           1      2.22%     55.56% |           3      6.67%     62.22% |           3      6.67%     68.89% |           2      4.44%     73.33% |           5     11.11%     84.44% |           4      8.89%     93.33% |           3      6.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_store.Progress::total           45                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_store_GetM_Ack_AD.Progress |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     18.18%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      9.09%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           1      9.09%     36.36% |           3     27.27%     63.64% |           2     18.18%     81.82% |           1      9.09%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_store_GetM_Ack_AD.Progress::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.MloadMEvent |       28729     93.90%     93.90% |         385      1.26%     95.16% |         236      0.77%     95.93% |         236      0.77%     96.71% |          85      0.28%     96.98% |          79      0.26%     97.24% |          79      0.26%     97.50% |          79      0.26%     97.76% |          79      0.26%     98.02% |         139      0.45%     98.47% |         139      0.45%     98.92% |          79      0.26%     99.18% |          79      0.26%     99.44% |          79      0.26%     99.70% |          40      0.13%     99.83% |          34      0.11%     99.94% |          18      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.MloadMEvent::total        30594                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.MstoreMEvent |       24689     75.68%     75.68% |         877      2.69%     78.37% |         721      2.21%     80.58% |         695      2.13%     82.71% |         590      1.81%     84.51% |         559      1.71%     86.23% |         541      1.66%     87.89% |         519      1.59%     89.48% |         514      1.58%     91.05% |         530      1.62%     92.68% |         518      1.59%     94.26% |         460      1.41%     95.67% |         440      1.35%     97.02% |         430      1.32%     98.34% |         322      0.99%     99.33% |         172      0.53%     99.86% |          47      0.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.MstoreMEvent::total        32624                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.allocTBE |        1060     99.25%     99.25% |           1      0.09%     99.34% |           0      0.00%     99.34% |           5      0.47%     99.81% |           0      0.00%     99.81% |           0      0.00%     99.81% |           0      0.00%     99.81% |           0      0.00%     99.81% |           0      0.00%     99.81% |           1      0.09%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           1      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.allocTBE::total         1068                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.externalstoreMrespfrom_in |        1605     57.22%     57.22% |         109      3.89%     61.11% |         102      3.64%     64.74% |         100      3.57%     68.31% |          92      3.28%     71.59% |          87      3.10%     74.69% |          85      3.03%     77.72% |          79      2.82%     80.53% |          79      2.82%     83.35% |          79      2.82%     86.17% |          77      2.75%     88.91% |          72      2.57%     91.48% |          69      2.46%     93.94% |          66      2.35%     96.29% |          55      1.96%     98.25% |          34      1.21%     99.47% |          15      0.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.externalstoreMrespfrom_in::total         2805                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_evict.Progress |        1060     99.25%     99.25% |           1      0.09%     99.34% |           0      0.00%     99.34% |           5      0.47%     99.81% |           0      0.00%     99.81% |           0      0.00%     99.81% |           0      0.00%     99.81% |           0      0.00%     99.81% |           0      0.00%     99.81% |           1      0.09%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           1      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_evict.Progress::total         1068                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_evict.Stallmandatory_in |        4655     99.34%     99.34% |           5      0.11%     99.45% |           0      0.00%     99.45% |          21      0.45%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           3      0.06%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           2      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_evict.Stallmandatory_in::total         4686                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MloadMEvent |       28729     93.90%     93.90% |         385      1.26%     95.16% |         236      0.77%     95.93% |         236      0.77%     96.71% |          85      0.28%     96.98% |          79      0.26%     97.24% |          79      0.26%     97.50% |          79      0.26%     97.76% |          79      0.26%     98.02% |         139      0.45%     98.47% |         139      0.45%     98.92% |          79      0.26%     99.18% |          79      0.26%     99.44% |          79      0.26%     99.70% |          40      0.13%     99.83% |          34      0.11%     99.94% |          18      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MloadMEvent::total        30594                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MstoreMEvent |       24689     75.68%     75.68% |         877      2.69%     78.37% |         721      2.21%     80.58% |         695      2.13%     82.71% |         590      1.81%     84.51% |         559      1.71%     86.23% |         541      1.66%     87.89% |         519      1.59%     89.48% |         514      1.58%     91.05% |         530      1.62%     92.68% |         518      1.59%     94.26% |         460      1.41%     95.67% |         440      1.35%     97.02% |         430      1.32%     98.34% |         322      0.99%     99.33% |         172      0.53%     99.86% |          47      0.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MstoreMEvent::total        32624                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Progress  |        5027     92.77%     92.77% |          45      0.83%     93.60% |          31      0.57%     94.17% |          55      1.01%     95.18% |          28      0.52%     95.70% |          23      0.42%     96.12% |          25      0.46%     96.59% |          20      0.37%     96.96% |          16      0.30%     97.25% |          32      0.59%     97.84% |          28      0.52%     98.36% |          20      0.37%     98.73% |          23      0.42%     99.15% |          19      0.35%     99.50% |          15      0.28%     99.78% |           6      0.11%     99.89% |           6      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Progress::total         5419                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.SloadSEvent |      359733     53.06%     53.06% |       43564      6.43%     59.48% |       40419      5.96%     65.44% |       34899      5.15%     70.59% |       39189      5.78%     76.37% |       33855      4.99%     81.36% |       29696      4.38%     85.74% |       24195      3.57%     89.31% |       23234      3.43%     92.74% |       13931      2.05%     94.79% |       11137      1.64%     96.44% |       10864      1.60%     98.04% |        6428      0.95%     98.99% |        3511      0.52%     99.50% |        1947      0.29%     99.79% |        1116      0.16%     99.96% |         302      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.SloadSEvent::total       678020                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.allocTBE |        3930     94.52%     94.52% |          33      0.79%     95.31% |          22      0.53%     95.84% |          40      0.96%     96.80% |          20      0.48%     97.28% |          10      0.24%     97.52% |          11      0.26%     97.79% |          10      0.24%     98.03% |           8      0.19%     98.22% |          16      0.38%     98.61% |          17      0.41%     99.01% |          10      0.24%     99.25% |          11      0.26%     99.52% |           8      0.19%     99.71% |           6      0.14%     99.86% |           3      0.07%     99.93% |           3      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.allocTBE::total         4158                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.deallocTBE |          94     58.39%     58.39% |           6      3.73%     62.11% |           5      3.11%     65.22% |           5      3.11%     68.32% |           4      2.48%     70.81% |           4      2.48%     73.29% |           6      3.73%     77.02% |           4      2.48%     79.50% |           4      2.48%     81.99% |           6      3.73%     85.71% |           6      3.73%     89.44% |           4      2.48%     91.93% |           5      3.11%     95.03% |           3      1.86%     96.89% |           3      1.86%     98.76% |           2      1.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.deallocTBE::total          161                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.externalloadSrespfrom_in |        4480     62.90%     62.90% |         272      3.82%     66.72% |         252      3.54%     70.26% |         253      3.55%     73.81% |         154      2.16%     75.98% |         153      2.15%     78.12% |         150      2.11%     80.23% |         152      2.13%     82.36% |         153      2.15%     84.51% |         208      2.92%     87.43% |         208      2.92%     90.35% |         151      2.12%     92.47% |         153      2.15%     94.62% |         139      1.95%     96.57% |         103      1.45%     98.02% |          79      1.11%     99.13% |          62      0.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.externalloadSrespfrom_in::total         7122                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_evict.Progress |        3817     96.56%     96.56% |          23      0.58%     97.14% |          16      0.40%     97.55% |          34      0.86%     98.41% |          14      0.35%     98.76% |           4      0.10%     98.86% |           4      0.10%     98.96% |           5      0.13%     99.09% |           3      0.08%     99.17% |           9      0.23%     99.39% |          11      0.28%     99.67% |           4      0.10%     99.77% |           5      0.13%     99.90% |           3      0.08%     99.97% |           1      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_evict.Progress::total         3953                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_evict.Stallmandatory_in |       16556     97.17%     97.17% |          90      0.53%     97.70% |          55      0.32%     98.02% |         122      0.72%     98.74% |          46      0.27%     99.01% |          14      0.08%     99.09% |          18      0.11%     99.20% |          22      0.13%     99.33% |           9      0.05%     99.38% |          27      0.16%     99.54% |          43      0.25%     99.79% |          10      0.06%     99.85% |          13      0.08%     99.92% |          10      0.06%     99.98% |           3      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_evict.Stallmandatory_in::total        17038                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_store.Progress |         141     47.32%     47.32% |          21      7.05%     54.36% |          10      3.36%     57.72% |          11      3.69%     61.41% |           9      3.02%     64.43% |          10      3.36%     67.79% |          12      4.03%     71.81% |           8      2.68%     74.50% |           9      3.02%     77.52% |          13      4.36%     81.88% |          11      3.69%     85.57% |          10      3.36%     88.93% |          11      3.69%     92.62% |           7      2.35%     94.97% |           6      2.01%     96.98% |           5      1.68%     98.66% |           4      1.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_store.Progress::total          298                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_store.Stallfwdfrom_in |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_store.Stallfwdfrom_in::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_store_GetM_Ack_AD.Progress |           5     11.36%     11.36% |           0      0.00%     11.36% |           2      4.55%     15.91% |           1      2.27%     18.18% |           3      6.82%     25.00% |           4      9.09%     34.09% |           4      9.09%     43.18% |           3      6.82%     50.00% |           2      4.55%     54.55% |           3      6.82%     61.36% |           1      2.27%     63.64% |           3      6.82%     70.45% |           2      4.55%     75.00% |           4      9.09%     84.09% |           4      9.09%     93.18% |           1      2.27%     95.45% |           2      4.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_store_GetM_Ack_AD.Progress::total           44                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_store_GetM_Ack_AD.Stallfwdfrom_in |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_store_GetM_Ack_AD.Stallfwdfrom_in::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SloadSEvent |      359733     53.06%     53.06% |       43564      6.43%     59.48% |       40419      5.96%     65.44% |       34899      5.15%     70.59% |       39189      5.78%     76.37% |       33855      4.99%     81.36% |       29696      4.38%     85.74% |       24195      3.57%     89.31% |       23234      3.43%     92.74% |       13931      2.05%     94.79% |       11137      1.64%     96.44% |       10864      1.60%     98.04% |        6428      0.95%     98.99% |        3511      0.52%     99.50% |        1947      0.29%     99.79% |        1116      0.16%     99.96% |         302      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SloadSEvent::total       678020                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Stallfwdfrom_in |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          13     61.90%     61.90% |           6     28.57%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           2      9.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Stallfwdfrom_in::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Stallmandatory_in |       21211     97.64%     97.64% |          95      0.44%     98.08% |          55      0.25%     98.33% |         143      0.66%     98.99% |          46      0.21%     99.20% |          14      0.06%     99.26% |          18      0.08%     99.35% |          22      0.10%     99.45% |           9      0.04%     99.49% |          30      0.14%     99.63% |          43      0.20%     99.83% |          10      0.05%     99.87% |          13      0.06%     99.93% |          12      0.06%     99.99% |           3      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Stallmandatory_in::total        21724                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.allocI_load |        4480     62.89%     62.89% |         272      3.82%     66.70% |         252      3.54%     70.24% |         253      3.55%     73.79% |         154      2.16%     75.95% |         153      2.15%     78.10% |         150      2.11%     80.21% |         152      2.13%     82.34% |         153      2.15%     84.49% |         208      2.92%     87.41% |         208      2.92%     90.33% |         151      2.12%     92.45% |         153      2.15%     94.60% |         139      1.95%     96.55% |         104      1.46%     98.01% |          79      1.11%     99.12% |          63      0.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.allocI_load::total         7124                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.allocI_store |        1492     57.36%     57.36% |          99      3.81%     61.17% |          96      3.69%     64.86% |          94      3.61%     68.47% |          86      3.31%     71.78% |          82      3.15%     74.93% |          78      3.00%     77.93% |          74      2.85%     80.78% |          74      2.85%     83.62% |          72      2.77%     86.39% |          71      2.73%     89.12% |          66      2.54%     91.66% |          63      2.42%     94.08% |          61      2.35%     96.42% |          50      1.92%     98.35% |          31      1.19%     99.54% |          12      0.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.allocI_store::total         2601                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.allocTBE  |        4990     95.48%     95.48% |          34      0.65%     96.13% |          22      0.42%     96.56% |          45      0.86%     97.42% |          20      0.38%     97.80% |          10      0.19%     97.99% |          11      0.21%     98.20% |          10      0.19%     98.39% |           8      0.15%     98.55% |          17      0.33%     98.87% |          17      0.33%     99.20% |          10      0.19%     99.39% |          11      0.21%     99.60% |           9      0.17%     99.77% |           6      0.11%     99.89% |           3      0.06%     99.94% |           3      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.allocTBE::total         5226                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.deallocTBE |          94     58.39%     58.39% |           6      3.73%     62.11% |           5      3.11%     65.22% |           5      3.11%     68.32% |           4      2.48%     70.81% |           4      2.48%     73.29% |           6      3.73%     77.02% |           4      2.48%     79.50% |           4      2.48%     81.99% |           6      3.73%     85.71% |           6      3.73%     89.44% |           4      2.48%     91.93% |           5      3.11%     95.03% |           3      1.86%     96.89% |           3      1.86%     98.76% |           2      1.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.deallocTBE::total          161                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.deallocfwdfrom_in |        4995     94.39%     94.39% |          37      0.70%     95.09% |          28      0.53%     95.62% |          51      0.96%     96.58% |          28      0.53%     97.11% |          16      0.30%     97.41% |          12      0.23%     97.64% |          14      0.26%     97.90% |          14      0.26%     98.17% |          23      0.43%     98.60% |          23      0.43%     99.04% |          14      0.26%     99.30% |          16      0.30%     99.60% |          11      0.21%     99.81% |           5      0.09%     99.91% |           4      0.08%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.deallocfwdfrom_in::total         5292                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.externalloadSrespfrom_in |        4480     62.90%     62.90% |         272      3.82%     66.72% |         252      3.54%     70.26% |         253      3.55%     73.81% |         154      2.16%     75.98% |         153      2.15%     78.12% |         150      2.11%     80.23% |         152      2.13%     82.36% |         153      2.15%     84.51% |         208      2.92%     87.43% |         208      2.92%     90.35% |         151      2.12%     92.47% |         153      2.15%     94.62% |         139      1.95%     96.57% |         103      1.45%     98.02% |          79      1.11%     99.13% |          62      0.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.externalloadSrespfrom_in::total         7122                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.externalstoreMrespfrom_in |        1605     57.22%     57.22% |         109      3.89%     61.11% |         102      3.64%     64.74% |         100      3.57%     68.31% |          92      3.28%     71.59% |          87      3.10%     74.69% |          85      3.03%     77.72% |          79      2.82%     80.53% |          79      2.82%     83.35% |          79      2.82%     86.17% |          77      2.75%     88.91% |          72      2.57%     91.48% |          69      2.46%     93.94% |          66      2.35%     96.29% |          55      1.96%     98.25% |          34      1.21%     99.47% |          15      0.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.externalstoreMrespfrom_in::total         2805                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        63127                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |       63127    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        63127                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples        66912                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |       66912    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total         66912                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3785                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |        3785    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         3785                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples          289                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |         289    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total          289                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples          351                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |         351    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total          351                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples           62                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |          62    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total           62                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples          351                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |         351    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total          351                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples          351                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |         351    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total          351                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples          375                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |         375    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total          375                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples          421                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |         421    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total          421                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples           46                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |          46    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total           46                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        31609                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |       31609    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        31609                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples        34306                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |       34306    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total         34306                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2697                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |        2697    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         2697                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000347                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2786.515392                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000161                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.reqTo.avg_stall_time  4735.781039                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000115                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   495.390791                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000626                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2972.169675                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.respTo.avg_stall_time   224.910025                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000213                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   495.363162                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000397                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2715.510337                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000196                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.reqTo.avg_stall_time  7037.056491                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000116                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   498.467729                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000629                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2990.631299                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.respTo.avg_stall_time  1791.445863                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000212                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   498.440099                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000294                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2582.690756                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000183                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.reqTo.avg_stall_time  6641.055733                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000099                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   489.257316                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000530                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2935.368822                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.respTo.avg_stall_time  2553.335432                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000178                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   489.229686                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000245                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2876.981379                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000128                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.reqTo.avg_stall_time  7535.088342                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000091                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   496.150213                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000490                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2976.726207                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.respTo.avg_stall_time   304.315501                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000170                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   496.122584                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000189                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2567.341703                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000142                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.reqTo.avg_stall_time  7581.940110                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000071                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   498.298853                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000384                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2989.618048                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.respTo.avg_stall_time  1228.218636                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000130                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   498.271224                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000301                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2586.089950                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000142                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.reqTo.avg_stall_time  9344.244891                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   496.687309                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000474                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2979.948780                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.respTo.avg_stall_time  2930.735378                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000179                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   496.659679                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000294                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2750.252151                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000250                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.reqTo.avg_stall_time 10984.927756                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000101                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.351870                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000558                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2995.936150                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.respTo.avg_stall_time  5710.794320                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000189                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.324241                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000421                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2749.946936                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000232                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.reqTo.avg_stall_time 10730.578438                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000123                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   496.563105                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000691                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2979.203560                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.respTo.avg_stall_time  1272.248640                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000229                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   496.535476                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl16.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000276                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl16.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2880.419306                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl16.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000145                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl16.reqTo.avg_stall_time  5719.712596                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl16.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl16.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   491.459665                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl16.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000443                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl16.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2948.582920                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl16.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl16.respTo.avg_stall_time   115.211116                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl16.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000148                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl16.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   491.432036                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl17.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000239                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl17.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2874.847974                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl17.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000134                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl17.reqTo.avg_stall_time  6317.210400                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl17.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl17.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   496.090565                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl17.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000508                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl17.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2976.368315                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl17.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl17.respTo.avg_stall_time  2801.661525                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl17.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000173                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl17.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   496.062935                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl18.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000192                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl18.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2548.379651                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl18.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000108                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl18.reqTo.avg_stall_time  7764.026583                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl18.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000082                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl18.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   491.420158                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl18.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000459                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl18.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2948.345875                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl18.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl18.respTo.avg_stall_time  3703.548664                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl18.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000149                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl18.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   491.392528                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl19.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000229                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl19.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2577.912672                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl19.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000119                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl19.reqTo.avg_stall_time  8416.522190                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl19.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000086                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl19.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   495.969202                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl19.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000486                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl19.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2974.893368                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl19.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl19.respTo.avg_stall_time  2688.051148                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl19.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000160                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl19.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   495.817111                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000229                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2651.629026                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000167                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.reqTo.avg_stall_time  7267.863458                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000090                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   498.428221                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000496                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2990.394254                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.respTo.avg_stall_time  8258.647251                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000169                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   498.400592                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl20.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000279                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl20.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2619.314987                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl20.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000221                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl20.reqTo.avg_stall_time  9148.483401                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl20.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000085                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl20.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   494.680431                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl20.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000462                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl20.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2967.907512                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl20.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl20.respTo.avg_stall_time  2628.882336                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl20.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000156                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl20.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   494.652801                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl21.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000223                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl21.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2872.998093                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl21.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl21.reqTo.avg_stall_time  9752.516207                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl21.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000063                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl21.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   496.378737                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl21.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000335                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl21.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2978.097350                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl21.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl21.respTo.avg_stall_time  3379.631523                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl21.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000121                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl21.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   496.351108                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl22.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000313                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl22.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2552.758012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl22.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000329                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl22.reqTo.avg_stall_time 10989.683628                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl22.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000088                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl22.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   496.442517                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl22.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000437                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl22.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2978.480030                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl22.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl22.respTo.avg_stall_time  1873.124384                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl22.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000168                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl22.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   496.414888                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl23.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000223                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl23.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2880.730719                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl23.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000105                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl23.reqTo.avg_stall_time 11398.524321                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl23.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000075                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl23.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   496.642637                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl23.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000409                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl23.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2979.680748                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl23.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000136                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl23.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   496.615007                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl24.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000245                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl24.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2848.167239                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl24.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000113                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl24.reqTo.avg_stall_time  7358.492644                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl24.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl24.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.733776                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl24.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000313                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl24.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2998.227585                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl24.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl24.respTo.avg_stall_time  1191.971900                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl24.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000118                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl24.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.706147                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl25.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000297                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl25.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2881.057624                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl25.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000138                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl25.reqTo.avg_stall_time  8783.916154                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl25.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000100                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl25.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   495.266071                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl25.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000539                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl25.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2971.421356                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl25.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl25.respTo.avg_stall_time  3149.828468                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl25.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000184                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl25.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   495.238442                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl26.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000226                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl26.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2732.154616                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl26.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000117                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl26.reqTo.avg_stall_time  7926.256012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl26.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000085                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl26.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   494.893978                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl26.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000477                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl26.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2969.188795                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl26.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000154                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl26.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   494.866348                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl27.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000235                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl27.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2692.662605                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl27.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000104                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl27.reqTo.avg_stall_time  9211.239907                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl27.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000075                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl27.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   495.117337                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl27.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000387                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl27.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2970.528951                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl27.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl27.respTo.avg_stall_time  3401.340766                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl27.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000141                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl27.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   495.089708                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl28.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000198                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl28.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2891.129713                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl28.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl28.reqTo.avg_stall_time  9737.079365                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl28.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000071                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl28.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   491.632156                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl28.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000375                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl28.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2949.617862                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl28.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl28.respTo.avg_stall_time  1435.264296                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl28.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000134                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl28.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   491.604526                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl29.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000223                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl29.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2823.776391                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl29.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000101                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl29.reqTo.avg_stall_time 10615.594824                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl29.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000072                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl29.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   496.287327                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl29.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000387                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl29.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2977.548892                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl29.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl29.respTo.avg_stall_time   547.576638                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl29.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000136                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl29.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   496.259698                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000229                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2648.815472                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000130                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.reqTo.avg_stall_time  8170.892933                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   498.380451                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000496                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2990.107631                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.respTo.avg_stall_time  3790.416602                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000178                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   498.352821                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl30.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000282                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl30.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2857.554532                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl30.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000119                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl30.reqTo.avg_stall_time 11867.537533                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl30.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000083                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl30.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   496.246271                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl30.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000431                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl30.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2977.302552                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl30.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl30.respTo.avg_stall_time    48.911850                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl30.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000154                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl30.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   496.218641                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl31.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000254                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl31.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2863.417136                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl31.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000369                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl31.reqTo.avg_stall_time 12322.843445                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl31.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000078                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl31.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   493.326072                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl31.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000412                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl31.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2959.781361                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl31.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl31.respTo.avg_stall_time  5721.386972                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl31.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000147                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl31.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   493.298443                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl32.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000455                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl32.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2856.143107                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl32.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000369                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl32.reqTo.avg_stall_time  8162.762133                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl32.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000119                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl32.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   498.094344                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl32.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000610                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl32.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2988.390991                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl32.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl32.respTo.avg_stall_time  2207.265708                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl32.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000223                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl32.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   498.066714                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl33.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000288                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl33.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2855.834794                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl33.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000136                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl33.reqTo.avg_stall_time  8790.131491                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl33.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000099                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl33.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   495.227597                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl33.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000533                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl33.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2971.190508                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl33.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl33.respTo.avg_stall_time   469.889132                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl33.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000183                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl33.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   495.199967                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl34.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000307                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl34.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2767.531649                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl34.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000181                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl34.reqTo.avg_stall_time  9304.695814                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl34.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl34.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   498.014296                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl34.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000502                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl34.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2987.910704                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl34.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl34.respTo.avg_stall_time   398.664846                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl34.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000172                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl34.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   497.986667                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl35.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000328                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl35.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2767.186152                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl35.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000170                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl35.reqTo.avg_stall_time 12640.533869                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl35.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000089                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl35.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.616803                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl35.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000480                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl35.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2997.525746                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl35.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl35.respTo.avg_stall_time  5640.494225                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl35.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000163                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl35.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.589174                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl36.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000217                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl36.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2746.727462                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl36.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl36.reqTo.avg_stall_time 10741.827495                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl36.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000067                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl36.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   493.158230                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl36.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000344                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl36.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2958.774307                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl36.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl36.respTo.avg_stall_time  2989.109921                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl36.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000126                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl36.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   493.130600                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl37.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000223                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl37.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2769.517869                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl37.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000141                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl37.reqTo.avg_stall_time 11859.458116                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl37.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000071                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl37.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   493.238278                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl37.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000378                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl37.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2959.254594                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl37.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl37.respTo.avg_stall_time   170.975319                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl37.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000136                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl37.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   493.210648                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl38.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000301                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl38.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2768.913637                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl38.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000132                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl38.reqTo.avg_stall_time 12202.100500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl38.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl38.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   495.036773                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl38.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000490                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl38.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2970.045565                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl38.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl38.respTo.avg_stall_time   749.641776                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl38.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000175                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl38.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   495.009144                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl39.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000266                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl39.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2768.487576                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl39.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000179                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl39.reqTo.avg_stall_time 12857.701709                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl39.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000102                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl39.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   498.259346                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl39.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000533                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl39.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2989.381003                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl39.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000006                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl39.respTo.avg_stall_time  5082.332138                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl39.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000188                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl39.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   498.231716                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000421                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2861.299224                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000223                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.reqTo.avg_stall_time 11086.582108                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000118                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.696334                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000567                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2998.002934                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.respTo.avg_stall_time  2929.851718                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000222                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.668705                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl40.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000223                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl40.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2909.327954                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl40.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000115                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl40.reqTo.avg_stall_time  9070.404700                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl40.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000085                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl40.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   498.538481                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl40.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000465                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl40.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2991.055811                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl40.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl40.respTo.avg_stall_time   284.734462                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl40.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000153                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl40.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   498.510851                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl41.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000211                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl41.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2908.633862                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl41.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000114                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl41.reqTo.avg_stall_time 10681.204915                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl41.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000088                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl41.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.010247                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl41.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000474                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl41.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2993.886407                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl41.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl41.respTo.avg_stall_time   849.471031                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl41.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000159                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl41.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   498.982617                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl42.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000192                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl42.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2908.069911                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl42.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000106                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl42.reqTo.avg_stall_time 11566.672139                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl42.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000082                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl42.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   498.952147                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl42.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000443                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl42.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2993.537812                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl42.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl42.respTo.avg_stall_time  2327.955967                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl42.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000150                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl42.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   498.924518                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl43.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000186                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl43.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2763.979072                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl43.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000188                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl43.reqTo.avg_stall_time 11987.674946                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl43.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000083                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl43.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   497.610958                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl43.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000449                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl43.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2985.490675                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl43.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl43.respTo.avg_stall_time  6736.881687                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl43.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000151                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl43.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   497.583329                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl44.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000242                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl44.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2866.418157                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl44.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000121                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl44.reqTo.avg_stall_time 12109.165427                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl44.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000090                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl44.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.656827                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl44.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000486                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl44.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2997.765889                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl44.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl44.respTo.avg_stall_time  4506.396173                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl44.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000165                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl44.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.629198                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl45.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000229                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl45.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2766.380509                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl45.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000110                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl45.reqTo.avg_stall_time 12314.603158                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl45.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000082                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl45.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.439148                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl45.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000434                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl45.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2996.459818                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl45.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl45.respTo.avg_stall_time   769.039442                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl45.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000152                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl45.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.411519                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl46.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000226                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl46.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2953.466357                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl46.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000104                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl46.reqTo.avg_stall_time 13190.949835                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl46.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000075                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl46.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.486919                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl46.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000400                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl46.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2996.746441                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl46.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl46.respTo.avg_stall_time  3369.800894                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl46.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000141                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl46.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.459289                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl47.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000214                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl47.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2952.936492                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl47.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000194                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl47.reqTo.avg_stall_time 14454.096150                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl47.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000080                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl47.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.147877                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl47.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000428                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl47.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2994.712192                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl47.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl47.respTo.avg_stall_time  5603.626979                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl47.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000147                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl47.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.120248                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl48.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000239                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl48.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2933.652182                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl48.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000104                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl48.reqTo.avg_stall_time 10177.803388                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl48.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000076                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl48.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   497.073863                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl48.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000387                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl48.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2982.268103                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl48.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000142                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl48.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   497.046233                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl49.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000229                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl49.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2932.694706                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl49.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000114                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl49.reqTo.avg_stall_time 12716.949126                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl49.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000087                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl49.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.868825                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl49.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000455                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl49.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2999.037876                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl49.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl49.respTo.avg_stall_time  1258.351492                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl49.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000160                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl49.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.841195                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000254                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2779.497000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000116                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.reqTo.avg_stall_time 10709.411458                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000089                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   498.580054                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000443                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2991.305250                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.respTo.avg_stall_time  6641.738331                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000166                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   498.552424                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl50.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000229                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl50.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2931.828640                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl50.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000116                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl50.reqTo.avg_stall_time 10470.659607                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl50.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000087                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl50.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.954037                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl50.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000468                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl50.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2999.549150                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl50.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl50.respTo.avg_stall_time  2883.808479                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl50.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000164                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl50.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.926408                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl51.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000257                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl51.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2930.626372                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl51.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000203                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl51.reqTo.avg_stall_time 12478.938367                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl51.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000084                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl51.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   496.862898                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl51.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000437                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl51.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2981.002313                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl51.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl51.respTo.avg_stall_time  3392.136558                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl51.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000156                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl51.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   496.835268                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl52.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000245                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl52.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2763.574701                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl52.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000140                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl52.reqTo.avg_stall_time 12396.402026                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl52.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000109                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl52.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   497.517999                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl52.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000598                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl52.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2984.932922                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl52.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000199                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl52.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   497.490370                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl53.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000245                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl53.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2904.418179                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl53.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000115                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl53.reqTo.avg_stall_time 13271.745002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl53.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000085                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl53.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   497.391214                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl53.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000449                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl53.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2984.172209                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl53.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl53.respTo.avg_stall_time  1253.487946                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl53.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000158                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl53.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   497.363584                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl54.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000254                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl54.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2962.838157                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl54.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000121                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl54.reqTo.avg_stall_time 14066.707767                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl54.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000090                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl54.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.273372                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl54.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000477                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl54.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2995.465158                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl54.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl54.respTo.avg_stall_time  2303.548878                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl54.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000165                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl54.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.245742                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl55.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000260                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl55.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2962.461674                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl55.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000174                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl55.reqTo.avg_stall_time 14696.747887                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl55.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000091                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl55.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   497.176117                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl55.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000477                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl55.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2982.881631                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl55.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl55.respTo.avg_stall_time  3992.119237                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl55.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000169                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl55.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   497.148488                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl56.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000251                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl56.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2758.750138                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl56.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000116                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl56.reqTo.avg_stall_time 10303.965054                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl56.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000083                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl56.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.575746                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl56.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000446                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl56.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2997.279405                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl56.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl56.respTo.avg_stall_time   453.568104                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl56.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000157                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl56.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.548117                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl57.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000263                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl57.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2757.637730                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl57.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000117                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl57.reqTo.avg_stall_time 10981.276538                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl57.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000082                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl57.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.529525                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl57.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000437                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl57.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2997.002078                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl57.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000153                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl57.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.501896                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl58.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000276                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl58.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2788.354427                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl58.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000131                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl58.reqTo.avg_stall_time 12590.390327                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl58.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000097                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl58.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   498.900762                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl58.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000511                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl58.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2993.229498                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl58.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl58.respTo.avg_stall_time  2083.497482                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl58.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000180                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl58.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   498.873132                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl59.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000226                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl59.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2627.264516                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl59.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000197                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl59.reqTo.avg_stall_time 12787.067202                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl59.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000082                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl59.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   498.739633                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl59.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000431                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl59.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2992.262726                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl59.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl59.respTo.avg_stall_time  7040.337249                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl59.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000151                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl59.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   498.712004                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000288                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2936.050520                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000135                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.reqTo.avg_stall_time 11302.308060                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.995610                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000468                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2999.783096                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.respTo.avg_stall_time  4891.617865                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000181                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.965399                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl60.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000226                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl60.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2930.141437                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl60.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000170                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl60.reqTo.avg_stall_time 13284.910041                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl60.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000090                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl60.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   496.781817                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl60.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000486                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl60.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2980.515829                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl60.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl60.respTo.avg_stall_time  2865.996793                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl60.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000166                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl60.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   496.754187                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl61.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000235                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl61.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2899.717560                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl61.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000134                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl61.reqTo.avg_stall_time 15031.610390                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl61.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000084                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl61.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.773800                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl61.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000446                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl61.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2998.467729                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl61.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl61.respTo.avg_stall_time  2103.717064                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl61.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000159                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl61.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.746171                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl62.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000273                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl62.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2898.577265                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl62.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000122                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl62.reqTo.avg_stall_time 14910.606390                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl62.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000086                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl62.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.911947                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl62.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000465                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl62.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2999.296611                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl62.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000164                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl62.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.884318                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl63.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000220                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl63.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2928.392262                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl63.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000113                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl63.reqTo.avg_stall_time 15686.884694                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl63.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000084                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl63.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.818472                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl63.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000459                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl63.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2998.735760                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl63.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000159                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl63.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.790843                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000251                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2651.931143                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000127                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.reqTo.avg_stall_time 10343.609926                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000085                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   495.728542                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000446                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2974.196177                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.respTo.avg_stall_time   959.474642                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000158                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   495.700912                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000301                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2745.656886                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000132                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.reqTo.avg_stall_time  4915.590543                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.314429                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000496                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2995.711499                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.respTo.avg_stall_time    47.921572                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000174                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.286799                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000248                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2827.042344                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000195                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.reqTo.avg_stall_time  5271.457612                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000090                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   492.855597                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000490                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2956.958511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.respTo.avg_stall_time  2889.576822                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000166                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   492.827968                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       741238                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |      741238    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       741238                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits             0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             9                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.002628                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time 10905.644463                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.326051                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time  8903.963704                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.005661                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.reqTo.avg_stall_time   499.999484                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.003162                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.respFrom.avg_stall_time 11600.712116                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000158                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.respTo.avg_stall_time    38.518784                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits             0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.098695                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time   819.404240                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.023837                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time    82.109505                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.reqTo.avg_stall_time    38.565780                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000202                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.respFrom.avg_stall_time  1708.509770                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000013                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.respTo.avg_stall_time    33.941336                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time   239.661825                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.006460                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time    30.403736                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000153                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.reqTo.avg_stall_time    16.371859                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000153                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.respFrom.avg_stall_time   595.471351                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000012                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.respTo.avg_stall_time    14.439606                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time   212.173897                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.006056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time    19.449571                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000117                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.reqTo.avg_stall_time    14.145495                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000120                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.respFrom.avg_stall_time   531.322007                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.respTo.avg_stall_time    12.119767                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time   155.871317                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.003769                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time    15.625606                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000117                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.reqTo.avg_stall_time    11.759809                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000121                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.respFrom.avg_stall_time   492.142662                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.respTo.avg_stall_time     9.904248                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time   113.235227                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.002244                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time    14.700665                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000108                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.reqTo.avg_stall_time     9.623822                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000111                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.respFrom.avg_stall_time   440.742902                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.respTo.avg_stall_time     7.564009                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time    71.534420                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.001290                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     8.009437                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000083                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.reqTo.avg_stall_time     7.226775                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000086                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.respFrom.avg_stall_time   366.145744                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000005                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.respTo.avg_stall_time     5.094661                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000003                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time    66.222846                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000741                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     4.789704                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.reqTo.avg_stall_time     4.789446                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.respFrom.avg_stall_time   208.942541                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.respTo.avg_stall_time     2.845315                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time     8.981384                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000230                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     2.537518                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000040                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.reqTo.avg_stall_time     2.537260                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000041                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.respFrom.avg_stall_time    72.353489                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.respTo.avg_stall_time     0.407987                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits             0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time   426.750252                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.021835                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time    57.580509                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000191                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.reqTo.avg_stall_time    35.949247                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000187                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2032.628561                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.respTo.avg_stall_time    33.265319                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits             0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time   517.346902                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.019425                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time    99.777622                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000202                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.reqTo.avg_stall_time    33.655230                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000187                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2092.279809                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.respTo.avg_stall_time    30.987828                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl32.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl32.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl32.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl33.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl33.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl33.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl34.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl34.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl34.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl35.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl35.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl35.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl36.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl36.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl36.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl37.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl37.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl37.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl38.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl38.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl38.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl39.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl39.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl39.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_hits             0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000048                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time   525.582020                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.020952                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time    52.849163                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000134                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.reqTo.avg_stall_time    31.396072                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000131                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2223.689693                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.respTo.avg_stall_time    30.424135                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl40.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl40.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl40.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl41.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl41.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl41.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl42.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl42.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl42.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl43.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl43.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl43.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl44.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl44.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl44.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl45.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl45.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl45.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl46.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl46.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl46.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl47.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl47.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl47.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl48.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl48.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl48.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl49.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl49.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl49.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cache.demand_hits             0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time   508.825676                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.018010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time    34.265401                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000127                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.reqTo.avg_stall_time    28.669538                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000131                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.respFrom.avg_stall_time  1625.850824                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.respTo.avg_stall_time    27.261728                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl50.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl50.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl50.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl51.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl51.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl51.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl52.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl52.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl52.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl53.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl53.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl53.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl54.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl54.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl54.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl55.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl55.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl55.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl56.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl56.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl56.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl57.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl57.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl57.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl58.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl58.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl58.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl59.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl59.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl59.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cache.demand_hits             0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time   342.754459                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.015871                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time    32.459417                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000123                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.reqTo.avg_stall_time    26.385849                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000129                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.respFrom.avg_stall_time  1321.409307                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.respTo.avg_stall_time    24.023920                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl60.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl60.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl60.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl61.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl61.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl61.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl62.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl62.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl62.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl63.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl63.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl63.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cache.demand_hits             0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time   423.065989                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.013037                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time    36.979541                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000122                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.reqTo.avg_stall_time    23.619032                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000124                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.respFrom.avg_stall_time  1463.818954                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.respTo.avg_stall_time    19.584103                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cache.demand_hits             0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time   361.534989                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.012471                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time    23.974858                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000121                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.reqTo.avg_stall_time    21.051561                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000124                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.respFrom.avg_stall_time  1040.158744                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.respTo.avg_stall_time    19.083158                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.cache.demand_hits             0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time   269.482500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.007843                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time    31.348559                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000153                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.reqTo.avg_stall_time    18.680078                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000156                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.respFrom.avg_stall_time   729.507623                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.respTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000013                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.respTo.avg_stall_time    16.689984                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples         751165                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          0.000205                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         0.177686                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |      751164    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total           751165                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         9927                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     0.015513                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.545652                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |        9926     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         9927                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0000.avg_buf_msgs     0.000280                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0000.avg_stall_time  1398.768614                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0001.avg_buf_msgs     0.000026                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0001.avg_stall_time   487.304151                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0002.avg_buf_msgs     0.004926                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0002.avg_stall_time  3415.102245                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0008.avg_buf_msgs     0.000042                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0008.avg_stall_time   922.784004                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0009.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0009.avg_stall_time   312.846764                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0010.avg_buf_msgs     0.000752                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0010.avg_stall_time  4218.296000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0016.avg_buf_msgs     0.002771                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0016.avg_stall_time 11290.903820                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0017.avg_buf_msgs     0.002275                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0017.avg_stall_time 10517.387435                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0018.avg_buf_msgs     0.000158                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0018.avg_stall_time   347.314863                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000367                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0024.avg_stall_time  1773.988940                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0025.avg_buf_msgs     0.000026                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0025.avg_stall_time   505.447134                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0026.avg_buf_msgs     0.004329                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0026.avg_stall_time  4207.838390                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0032.avg_stall_time  2790.818352                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0033.avg_buf_msgs     0.000003                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0033.avg_stall_time   185.162640                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0034.avg_buf_msgs     0.000758                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0034.avg_stall_time  5060.973765                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0040.avg_buf_msgs     0.002500                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0040.avg_stall_time 11038.639884                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0041.avg_buf_msgs     0.001940                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0041.avg_stall_time 10095.895300                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0042.avg_buf_msgs     0.000262                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0042.avg_stall_time   292.747511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0048.avg_buf_msgs     0.000403                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0048.avg_stall_time  2238.366599                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0049.avg_buf_msgs     0.000027                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0049.avg_stall_time   516.073879                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0050.avg_buf_msgs     0.003738                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0050.avg_stall_time  4956.430193                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0056.avg_buf_msgs     0.000030                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0056.avg_stall_time  1649.905718                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0057.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0057.avg_stall_time   152.089953                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0058.avg_buf_msgs     0.000732                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0058.avg_stall_time  5327.938362                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0064.avg_buf_msgs     0.002203                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0064.avg_stall_time 10610.825258                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0065.avg_buf_msgs     0.001632                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0065.avg_stall_time  9644.721924                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0066.avg_buf_msgs     0.000312                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0066.avg_stall_time   230.028444                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0072.avg_buf_msgs     0.000383                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0072.avg_stall_time  2532.934034                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0073.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0073.avg_stall_time   463.560144                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0074.avg_buf_msgs     0.003119                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0074.avg_stall_time  5787.977426                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0080.avg_buf_msgs     0.000026                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0080.avg_stall_time  4620.101819                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0081.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0081.avg_stall_time   106.743602                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0082.avg_buf_msgs     0.000706                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0082.avg_stall_time  6383.393212                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0088.avg_buf_msgs     0.001868                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0088.avg_stall_time 10056.255066                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0089.avg_buf_msgs     0.001334                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0089.avg_stall_time  9159.232023                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0090.avg_buf_msgs     0.000301                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0090.avg_stall_time   197.493109                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0096.avg_buf_msgs     0.000334                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0096.avg_stall_time  2631.167242                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0097.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0097.avg_stall_time   454.475997                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0098.avg_buf_msgs     0.002421                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0098.avg_stall_time  6600.080512                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0104.avg_buf_msgs     0.000027                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0104.avg_stall_time  2225.169539                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0105.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0105.avg_stall_time    65.899554                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0106.avg_buf_msgs     0.000671                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0106.avg_stall_time  7058.109339                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0112.avg_buf_msgs     0.001461                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0112.avg_stall_time  9520.037529                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0113.avg_buf_msgs     0.001021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0113.avg_stall_time  8673.573511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0114.avg_buf_msgs     0.000278                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0114.avg_stall_time   159.453579                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0120.avg_buf_msgs     0.000245                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0120.avg_stall_time  2753.064161                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0121.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0121.avg_stall_time   388.117077                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0122.avg_buf_msgs     0.001715                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0122.avg_stall_time  7573.329283                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0128.avg_buf_msgs     0.000031                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0128.avg_stall_time  3238.312386                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0129.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0129.avg_stall_time    63.787840                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0130.avg_buf_msgs     0.000664                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0130.avg_stall_time  7912.756068                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0136.avg_buf_msgs     0.001042                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0136.avg_stall_time  8693.579024                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0137.avg_buf_msgs     0.000714                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0137.avg_stall_time  8065.165436                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0138.avg_buf_msgs     0.000210                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0138.avg_stall_time   117.146467                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0144.avg_buf_msgs     0.000136                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0144.avg_stall_time  3468.452876                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0145.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0145.avg_stall_time   378.102313                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0146.avg_buf_msgs     0.000868                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0146.avg_stall_time  8398.401417                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0152.avg_buf_msgs     0.000026                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0152.avg_stall_time  2721.554271                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0153.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0153.avg_stall_time    40.096250                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0154.avg_buf_msgs     0.000766                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0154.avg_stall_time  8502.430872                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0160.avg_buf_msgs     0.000542                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0160.avg_stall_time  7831.152154                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0161.avg_buf_msgs     0.000348                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0161.avg_stall_time  7347.783787                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0162.avg_buf_msgs     0.000118                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0162.avg_stall_time    77.081725                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0168.avg_buf_msgs     0.000025                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0168.avg_stall_time  6102.442188                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0169.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0169.avg_stall_time    16.542548                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0170.avg_buf_msgs     0.000767                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0170.avg_stall_time  9207.239065                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0176.avg_buf_msgs     0.000452                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0176.avg_stall_time  7146.269436                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0177.avg_buf_msgs     0.000319                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0177.avg_stall_time  6913.617230                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0178.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0178.avg_stall_time    65.982182                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0184.avg_buf_msgs     0.000072                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0184.avg_stall_time   475.773905                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0185.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0185.avg_stall_time   200.624277                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0186.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0186.avg_stall_time    65.213723                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0192.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0192.avg_stall_time  1706.250870                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0194.avg_buf_msgs     0.000712                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0194.avg_stall_time  5241.575474                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0200.avg_buf_msgs     0.000473                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0200.avg_stall_time  7338.548324                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0201.avg_buf_msgs     0.000294                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0201.avg_stall_time  7071.391866                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0202.avg_buf_msgs     0.000018                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0202.avg_stall_time    54.761275                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0208.avg_buf_msgs     0.000099                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0208.avg_stall_time  1133.492508                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0209.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0209.avg_stall_time   318.320492                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0210.avg_buf_msgs     0.000078                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0210.avg_stall_time   125.453369                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0216.avg_buf_msgs     0.000132                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0216.avg_stall_time   450.484708                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0217.avg_buf_msgs     0.000013                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0217.avg_stall_time   187.349240                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0218.avg_buf_msgs     0.000183                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0218.avg_stall_time    82.702379                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0224.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0224.avg_stall_time  3069.391445                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0226.avg_buf_msgs     0.000739                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0226.avg_stall_time  6191.187400                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0232.avg_buf_msgs     0.000458                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0232.avg_stall_time  7477.406875                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0233.avg_buf_msgs     0.000285                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0233.avg_stall_time  7177.625483                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0234.avg_buf_msgs     0.000019                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0234.avg_stall_time    47.800983                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0240.avg_buf_msgs     0.000181                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0240.avg_stall_time  1096.432918                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0241.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0241.avg_stall_time   307.685487                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0242.avg_buf_msgs     0.000134                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0242.avg_stall_time   105.099779                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0248.avg_buf_msgs     0.000161                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0248.avg_stall_time   615.506268                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0249.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0249.avg_stall_time   200.421319                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0250.avg_buf_msgs     0.000232                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0250.avg_stall_time   110.517728                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0256.avg_buf_msgs     0.000005                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0256.avg_stall_time  2422.906180                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0258.avg_buf_msgs     0.000707                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0258.avg_stall_time  6478.258734                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0264.avg_buf_msgs     0.000434                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0264.avg_stall_time  7452.557170                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0265.avg_buf_msgs     0.000280                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0265.avg_stall_time  7051.626754                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0266.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0266.avg_stall_time    41.271399                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0272.avg_buf_msgs     0.000223                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0272.avg_stall_time   927.510708                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0273.avg_buf_msgs     0.000018                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0273.avg_stall_time   264.098379                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0274.avg_buf_msgs     0.000161                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0274.avg_stall_time    83.851454                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0280.avg_buf_msgs     0.000159                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0280.avg_stall_time   836.037407                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0281.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0281.avg_stall_time   168.973349                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0282.avg_buf_msgs     0.000232                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0282.avg_stall_time   145.550557                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0288.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0288.avg_stall_time  5502.715210                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0290.avg_buf_msgs     0.000683                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0290.avg_stall_time  7147.075332                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0296.avg_buf_msgs     0.000421                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0296.avg_stall_time  7336.097050                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0297.avg_buf_msgs     0.000259                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0297.avg_stall_time  7034.607022                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0298.avg_buf_msgs     0.000018                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0298.avg_stall_time    34.524912                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0304.avg_buf_msgs     0.000221                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0304.avg_stall_time   824.415746                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0305.avg_buf_msgs     0.000018                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0305.avg_stall_time   228.545239                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0306.avg_buf_msgs     0.000160                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0306.avg_stall_time    62.500875                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0312.avg_buf_msgs     0.000137                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0312.avg_stall_time   876.559712                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0313.avg_buf_msgs     0.000006                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0313.avg_stall_time   153.933127                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0314.avg_buf_msgs     0.000198                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0314.avg_stall_time   160.667730                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0320.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0320.avg_stall_time  3177.604865                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0322.avg_buf_msgs     0.000686                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0322.avg_stall_time  7940.966749                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0328.avg_buf_msgs     0.000408                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0328.avg_stall_time  7347.834399                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0329.avg_buf_msgs     0.000269                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0329.avg_stall_time  6983.475535                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0330.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0330.avg_stall_time    28.310614                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0336.avg_buf_msgs     0.000189                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0336.avg_stall_time   789.616864                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0337.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0337.avg_stall_time   191.416190                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0338.avg_buf_msgs     0.000136                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0338.avg_stall_time    44.166035                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0344.avg_buf_msgs     0.000086                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0344.avg_stall_time   775.997106                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0345.avg_buf_msgs     0.000005                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0345.avg_stall_time    76.563998                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0346.avg_buf_msgs     0.000156                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0346.avg_stall_time   182.516930                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0352.avg_buf_msgs     0.000005                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0352.avg_stall_time  3163.034821                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0354.avg_buf_msgs     0.000629                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0354.avg_stall_time  8705.660825                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0360.avg_buf_msgs     0.000459                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0360.avg_stall_time  7735.929519                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0361.avg_buf_msgs     0.000320                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0361.avg_stall_time  7210.704621                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0362.avg_buf_msgs     0.000012                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0362.avg_stall_time    21.539338                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0368.avg_buf_msgs     0.000151                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0368.avg_stall_time   566.553880                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0369.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0369.avg_stall_time   157.322501                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0370.avg_buf_msgs     0.000088                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0370.avg_stall_time    27.941619                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0376.avg_buf_msgs     0.000038                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0376.avg_stall_time   226.695871                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0377.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0377.avg_stall_time    62.712100                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0378.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0378.avg_stall_time   215.885013                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0384.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0384.avg_stall_time  2430.199040                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0386.avg_buf_msgs     0.000712                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0386.avg_stall_time  9271.604530                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0392.avg_buf_msgs     0.000473                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0392.avg_stall_time  7314.039726                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0393.avg_buf_msgs     0.000307                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0393.avg_stall_time  6943.226944                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0394.avg_buf_msgs     0.000012                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0394.avg_stall_time    14.245168                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0400.avg_buf_msgs     0.000088                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0400.avg_stall_time   497.663380                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0401.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0401.avg_stall_time   181.787203                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0402.avg_buf_msgs     0.000040                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0402.avg_stall_time    14.366789                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0408.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0408.avg_stall_time  6413.178846                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0410.avg_buf_msgs     0.000680                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0410.avg_stall_time  9900.936345                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0416.avg_buf_msgs     0.000443                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0416.avg_stall_time  6915.199598                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0417.avg_buf_msgs     0.000281                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0417.avg_stall_time  6493.395274                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0418.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0418.avg_stall_time     6.508669                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0426.avg_buf_msgs     0.000029                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0426.avg_stall_time     7.610231                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0432.avg_buf_msgs     0.000012                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0432.avg_stall_time  2053.454730                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0434.avg_buf_msgs     0.000595                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0434.avg_stall_time  6273.337958                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0440.avg_buf_msgs     0.000488                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0440.avg_stall_time  6939.807087                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0441.avg_buf_msgs     0.000255                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0441.avg_stall_time  6445.032149                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0448.avg_buf_msgs     0.000025                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0448.avg_stall_time    67.842144                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0449.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0449.avg_stall_time     8.175223                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0458.avg_buf_msgs     0.000026                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0458.avg_stall_time    12.681137                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0464.avg_buf_msgs     0.000003                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0464.avg_stall_time  3088.426575                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0466.avg_buf_msgs     0.000619                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0466.avg_stall_time  6811.367162                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0472.avg_buf_msgs     0.000472                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0472.avg_stall_time  6970.726751                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0473.avg_buf_msgs     0.000237                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0473.avg_stall_time  6695.806165                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0480.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0480.avg_stall_time    61.327795                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0481.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0481.avg_stall_time     7.366997                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0490.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0490.avg_stall_time    17.749976                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0496.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0496.avg_stall_time  2285.546336                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0498.avg_buf_msgs     0.000604                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0498.avg_stall_time  7336.159022                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0504.avg_buf_msgs     0.000442                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0504.avg_stall_time  6953.093228                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0505.avg_buf_msgs     0.000244                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0505.avg_stall_time  6614.816293                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0512.avg_buf_msgs     0.000018                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0512.avg_stall_time    55.348992                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0513.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0513.avg_stall_time     6.556705                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0522.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0522.avg_stall_time    22.816750                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0528.avg_buf_msgs     0.000003                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0528.avg_stall_time  5964.607253                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0530.avg_buf_msgs     0.000568                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0530.avg_stall_time  8136.996013                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0536.avg_buf_msgs     0.000453                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0536.avg_stall_time  7004.406247                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0537.avg_buf_msgs     0.000234                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0537.avg_stall_time  6529.536376                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0544.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0544.avg_stall_time    49.598970                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0545.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0545.avg_stall_time     5.744347                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0554.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0554.avg_stall_time    26.628838                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0560.avg_buf_msgs     0.000003                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0560.avg_stall_time  3830.477991                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0562.avg_buf_msgs     0.000569                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0562.avg_stall_time  8745.394275                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0568.avg_buf_msgs     0.000403                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0568.avg_stall_time  6886.717783                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0569.avg_buf_msgs     0.000229                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0569.avg_stall_time  6582.576106                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0576.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0576.avg_stall_time    45.580566                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0577.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0577.avg_stall_time     4.929923                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0586.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0586.avg_stall_time    31.017271                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0592.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0592.avg_stall_time  1803.494071                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0594.avg_buf_msgs     0.000539                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0594.avg_stall_time  9625.364021                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0600.avg_buf_msgs     0.000447                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0600.avg_stall_time  7139.664446                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0601.avg_buf_msgs     0.000275                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0601.avg_stall_time  6718.049142                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0608.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0608.avg_stall_time    39.370140                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0618.avg_buf_msgs     0.000005                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0618.avg_stall_time    30.285221                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0624.avg_buf_msgs     0.000003                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0624.avg_stall_time  2971.231314                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0626.avg_buf_msgs     0.000599                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0626.avg_stall_time 10157.832476                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0632.avg_buf_msgs     0.000448                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0632.avg_stall_time  7070.408825                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0633.avg_buf_msgs     0.000240                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0633.avg_stall_time  6719.037609                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0640.avg_buf_msgs     0.000005                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0640.avg_stall_time    39.883478                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0648.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0648.avg_stall_time  6484.835131                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0650.avg_buf_msgs     0.000580                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0650.avg_stall_time 10777.741883                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0656.avg_buf_msgs     0.000370                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0656.avg_stall_time  6351.543196                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0657.avg_buf_msgs     0.000235                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0657.avg_stall_time  6030.527938                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0672.avg_buf_msgs     0.000012                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0672.avg_stall_time  2112.000462                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0674.avg_buf_msgs     0.000502                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0674.avg_stall_time  6989.547035                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0680.avg_buf_msgs     0.000406                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0680.avg_stall_time  6505.906252                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0681.avg_buf_msgs     0.000215                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0681.avg_stall_time  5981.823189                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0704.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0704.avg_stall_time  1214.072102                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0706.avg_buf_msgs     0.000481                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0706.avg_stall_time  7531.282972                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0712.avg_buf_msgs     0.000400                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0712.avg_stall_time  6396.011863                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0713.avg_buf_msgs     0.000205                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0713.avg_stall_time  6153.896965                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0736.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0736.avg_stall_time  2339.085461                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0738.avg_buf_msgs     0.000487                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0738.avg_stall_time  8505.665839                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0744.avg_buf_msgs     0.000364                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0744.avg_stall_time  6470.425664                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0745.avg_buf_msgs     0.000206                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0745.avg_stall_time  6072.840991                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0768.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0768.avg_stall_time  8097.933536                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0770.avg_buf_msgs     0.000464                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0770.avg_stall_time  9389.976505                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0776.avg_buf_msgs     0.000382                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0776.avg_stall_time  6384.738791                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0777.avg_buf_msgs     0.000188                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0777.avg_stall_time  6023.166376                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0800.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0800.avg_stall_time  4677.015610                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0802.avg_buf_msgs     0.000474                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0802.avg_stall_time  9692.906360                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0808.avg_buf_msgs     0.000349                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0808.avg_stall_time  6258.671122                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0809.avg_buf_msgs     0.000193                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0809.avg_stall_time  6053.420342                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0832.avg_buf_msgs     0.000003                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0832.avg_stall_time  1857.999968                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0834.avg_buf_msgs     0.000438                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0834.avg_stall_time 10520.581599                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0840.avg_buf_msgs     0.000377                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0840.avg_stall_time  6595.147497                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0841.avg_buf_msgs     0.000223                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0841.avg_stall_time  6152.383801                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0864.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0864.avg_stall_time  3224.613381                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0866.avg_buf_msgs     0.000480                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0866.avg_stall_time 11075.970862                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0872.avg_buf_msgs     0.000385                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0872.avg_stall_time  6548.774208                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0873.avg_buf_msgs     0.000202                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0873.avg_stall_time  6158.480868                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0888.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0888.avg_stall_time  6463.691645                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0890.avg_buf_msgs     0.000469                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0890.avg_stall_time 11690.342246                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0896.avg_buf_msgs     0.000318                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0896.avg_stall_time  5803.112676                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0897.avg_buf_msgs     0.000195                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0897.avg_stall_time  5489.882979                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0912.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0912.avg_stall_time   293.502286                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0914.avg_buf_msgs     0.000335                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0914.avg_stall_time  7535.934010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0920.avg_buf_msgs     0.000317                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0920.avg_stall_time  5949.601079                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0921.avg_buf_msgs     0.000165                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0921.avg_stall_time  5452.780010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0944.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0944.avg_stall_time  1201.884163                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0946.avg_buf_msgs     0.000344                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0946.avg_stall_time  8740.061534                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0952.avg_buf_msgs     0.000321                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0952.avg_stall_time  5941.909770                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0953.avg_buf_msgs     0.000167                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0953.avg_stall_time  5583.510344                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0976.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0976.avg_stall_time  2392.622520                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0978.avg_buf_msgs     0.000352                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0978.avg_stall_time  9608.011448                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0984.avg_buf_msgs     0.000300                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0984.avg_stall_time  6026.588808                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0985.avg_buf_msgs     0.000166                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers0985.avg_stall_time  5545.124024                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1008.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1008.avg_stall_time  8033.744944                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1010.avg_buf_msgs     0.000329                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1010.avg_stall_time 10364.150992                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1016.avg_buf_msgs     0.000319                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1016.avg_stall_time  5902.623816                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1017.avg_buf_msgs     0.000155                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1017.avg_stall_time  5579.330811                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1040.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1040.avg_stall_time  4663.423481                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1042.avg_buf_msgs     0.000380                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1042.avg_stall_time 10560.378825                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1048.avg_buf_msgs     0.000285                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1048.avg_stall_time  5791.564863                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1049.avg_buf_msgs     0.000155                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1049.avg_stall_time  5562.231031                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1072.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1072.avg_stall_time  1979.654202                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1074.avg_buf_msgs     0.000338                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1074.avg_stall_time 11239.254602                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1080.avg_buf_msgs     0.000305                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1080.avg_stall_time  5922.671935                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1081.avg_buf_msgs     0.000176                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1081.avg_stall_time  5662.211098                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1104.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1104.avg_stall_time  3492.482538                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1106.avg_buf_msgs     0.000348                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1106.avg_stall_time 11904.440383                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1112.avg_buf_msgs     0.000316                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1112.avg_stall_time  6138.798640                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1113.avg_buf_msgs     0.000160                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1113.avg_stall_time  5662.955544                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1128.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1128.avg_stall_time  5992.396043                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1130.avg_buf_msgs     0.000342                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1130.avg_stall_time 12714.882862                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1136.avg_buf_msgs     0.000216                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1136.avg_stall_time  5205.918535                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1137.avg_buf_msgs     0.000119                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1137.avg_stall_time  5017.359029                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1152.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1152.avg_stall_time   346.859625                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1154.avg_buf_msgs     0.000221                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1154.avg_stall_time  8560.348356                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1160.avg_buf_msgs     0.000228                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1160.avg_stall_time  5527.752860                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1161.avg_buf_msgs     0.000117                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1161.avg_stall_time  5068.051547                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1184.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1184.avg_stall_time  1230.118861                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1186.avg_buf_msgs     0.000230                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1186.avg_stall_time  9735.937003                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1192.avg_buf_msgs     0.000237                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1192.avg_stall_time  5350.749431                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1193.avg_buf_msgs     0.000116                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1193.avg_stall_time  5121.079398                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1216.avg_buf_msgs     0.000003                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1216.avg_stall_time  2652.920168                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1218.avg_buf_msgs     0.000246                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1218.avg_stall_time 10127.756421                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1224.avg_buf_msgs     0.000219                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1224.avg_stall_time  5316.300951                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1225.avg_buf_msgs     0.000112                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1225.avg_stall_time  5027.072712                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1248.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1248.avg_stall_time  4199.752828                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1250.avg_buf_msgs     0.000224                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1250.avg_stall_time 11215.377868                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1256.avg_buf_msgs     0.000262                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1256.avg_stall_time  5283.551038                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1257.avg_buf_msgs     0.000119                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1257.avg_stall_time  5033.866970                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1280.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1280.avg_stall_time  2748.318138                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1282.avg_buf_msgs     0.000259                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1282.avg_stall_time 11478.302889                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1288.avg_buf_msgs     0.000222                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1288.avg_stall_time  5233.122161                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1289.avg_buf_msgs     0.000118                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1289.avg_stall_time  5048.856065                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1312.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1312.avg_stall_time  2021.010555                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1314.avg_buf_msgs     0.000228                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1314.avg_stall_time 12518.515586                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1320.avg_buf_msgs     0.000224                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1320.avg_stall_time  5396.538367                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1321.avg_buf_msgs     0.000125                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1321.avg_stall_time  5155.633228                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1344.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1344.avg_stall_time  2271.404229                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1346.avg_buf_msgs     0.000244                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1346.avg_stall_time 13201.207064                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1352.avg_buf_msgs     0.000227                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1352.avg_stall_time  5474.168030                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1353.avg_buf_msgs     0.000116                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1353.avg_stall_time  5059.879949                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1368.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1368.avg_stall_time  3920.471215                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1370.avg_buf_msgs     0.000235                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1370.avg_stall_time 13497.921079                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1376.avg_buf_msgs     0.000139                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1376.avg_stall_time  4659.521748                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1377.avg_buf_msgs     0.000082                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1377.avg_stall_time  4484.604726                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1392.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1392.avg_stall_time   400.214897                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1394.avg_buf_msgs     0.000116                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1394.avg_stall_time  9304.820792                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1400.avg_buf_msgs     0.000149                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1400.avg_stall_time  4820.460859                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1401.avg_buf_msgs     0.000082                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1401.avg_stall_time  4515.809973                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1426.avg_buf_msgs     0.000117                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1426.avg_stall_time  9982.223685                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1432.avg_buf_msgs     0.000163                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1432.avg_stall_time  4737.017137                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1433.avg_buf_msgs     0.000084                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1433.avg_stall_time  4511.736311                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1456.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1456.avg_stall_time  2041.340133                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1458.avg_buf_msgs     0.000131                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1458.avg_stall_time 11592.598099                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1464.avg_buf_msgs     0.000145                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1464.avg_stall_time  4653.915813                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1465.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1465.avg_stall_time  4406.885461                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1488.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1488.avg_stall_time  6963.487148                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1490.avg_buf_msgs     0.000109                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1490.avg_stall_time 11330.742103                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1496.avg_buf_msgs     0.000181                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1496.avg_stall_time  4633.926824                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1497.avg_buf_msgs     0.000078                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1497.avg_stall_time  4450.502262                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1520.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1520.avg_stall_time  2807.158498                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1522.avg_buf_msgs     0.000118                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1522.avg_stall_time 12280.216137                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1528.avg_buf_msgs     0.000149                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1528.avg_stall_time  4615.706892                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1529.avg_buf_msgs     0.000080                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1529.avg_stall_time  4449.073795                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1552.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1552.avg_stall_time  2062.364842                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1554.avg_buf_msgs     0.000113                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1554.avg_stall_time 14014.091782                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1560.avg_buf_msgs     0.000157                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1560.avg_stall_time  4745.463222                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1561.avg_buf_msgs     0.000088                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1561.avg_stall_time  4573.217217                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1586.avg_buf_msgs     0.000122                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1586.avg_stall_time 13910.789725                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1592.avg_buf_msgs     0.000156                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1592.avg_stall_time  4694.375370                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1593.avg_buf_msgs     0.000080                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1593.avg_stall_time  4490.058827                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1610.avg_buf_msgs     0.000113                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1610.avg_stall_time 14687.260145                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1616.avg_buf_msgs     0.000074                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1616.avg_stall_time  3996.368408                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1617.avg_buf_msgs     0.000042                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1617.avg_stall_time  3678.329385                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1632.avg_buf_msgs     0.000073                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1632.avg_stall_time  3995.998639                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1633.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1633.avg_stall_time  3676.846176                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1656.avg_buf_msgs     0.000085                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1656.avg_stall_time  4016.782426                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1657.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1657.avg_stall_time  3717.801772                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1680.avg_buf_msgs     0.000072                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1680.avg_stall_time  4228.927911                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1681.avg_buf_msgs     0.000038                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1681.avg_stall_time  3503.015224                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1704.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1704.avg_stall_time  3997.799200                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1705.avg_buf_msgs     0.000038                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1705.avg_stall_time  3906.851118                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1728.avg_buf_msgs     0.000074                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1728.avg_stall_time  4001.401096                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1729.avg_buf_msgs     0.000039                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1729.avg_stall_time  3866.285949                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1752.avg_buf_msgs     0.000077                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1752.avg_stall_time  4007.990328                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1753.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1753.avg_stall_time  3864.765555                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1776.avg_buf_msgs     0.000076                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1776.avg_stall_time  3998.310215                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1777.avg_buf_msgs     0.000037                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers1777.avg_stall_time  3904.518884                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control          1174336                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Data             5945328                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control          146792                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Data              82574                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::0          784                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::1        41136                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::2        81976                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Data::0       478872                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Data::2        76320                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::0           98                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::1         5142                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::2        10247                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Data::0         6651                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Data::2         1060                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     8.767090                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers0000.avg_buf_msgs     0.003320                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers0000.avg_stall_time 11100.757304                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers0001.avg_buf_msgs     0.002645                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers0001.avg_stall_time 10411.851272                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time   194.432180                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000456                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time  4240.390506                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.007785                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  1360.255253                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000069                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time   454.478063                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers0008.avg_buf_msgs     0.017060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers0008.avg_stall_time  2915.103794                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers0014.avg_buf_msgs     0.000084                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers0014.avg_stall_time   895.437839                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers0015.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers0015.avg_stall_time   293.766705                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers0016.avg_buf_msgs     0.002464                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers0016.avg_stall_time  3718.560932                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization    24.741665                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0          296                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        40712                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::0       438120                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0           37                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1         5089                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Data::0         6085                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.199138                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         2344                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1296                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          293                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           18                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle2.link_utilization     8.879015                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1          400                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::2        68872                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        35280                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::2        66960                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0           52                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1           50                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle2.msg_count.Control::2         8609                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          490                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle2.msg_count.Data::2          930                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle3.link_utilization     1.248540                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::2        10760                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle3.msg_bytes.Data::0         5256                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle3.msg_bytes.Data::2         8064                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle3.msg_count.Control::2         1345                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle3.msg_count.Data::0           73                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle3.msg_count.Data::2          112                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::0          832                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::1        36048                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::2        76432                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Data::0       462384                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Data::2        67104                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::0          104                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::1         4506                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::2         9554                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Data::0         6422                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Data::2          932                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     6.639326                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers0000.avg_buf_msgs     0.000396                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers0000.avg_stall_time  1669.980399                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers0001.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers0001.avg_stall_time   785.415908                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time  1768.199957                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000170                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time  6512.812053                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.003213                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time 10790.946942                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.002284                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time 10023.593212                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers0008.avg_buf_msgs     0.000164                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers0008.avg_stall_time   309.482941                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers0014.avg_buf_msgs     0.008683                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers0014.avg_stall_time  1735.517927                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers0015.avg_buf_msgs     0.000030                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers0015.avg_stall_time   473.642560                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers0016.avg_buf_msgs     0.004566                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers0016.avg_stall_time  3707.840973                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers0022.avg_buf_msgs     0.000063                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers0022.avg_stall_time  2752.480580                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers0023.avg_buf_msgs     0.000003                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers0023.avg_stall_time   168.474721                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers0024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000798                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers0024.avg_stall_time  4561.104165                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     1.439003                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0           88                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1          344                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::0        27432                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1           43                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Data::0          381                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.206575                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         2488                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1368                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          311                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle2.link_utilization    21.777156                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0          296                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1        35248                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::2         2448                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0       383688                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0           37                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1         4406                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle2.msg_count.Control::2          306                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0         5329                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle3.link_utilization     8.587330                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0          408                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1          408                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::2        60704                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle3.msg_bytes.Data::0        47520                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle3.msg_bytes.Data::2        57240                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0           51                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1           51                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle3.msg_count.Control::2         7588                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle3.msg_count.Data::0          660                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle3.msg_count.Data::2          795                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle4.link_utilization     1.186568                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2        10792                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::0         3600                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2         8496                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2         1349                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle4.msg_count.Data::0           50                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2          118                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::0          824                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::1        30752                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::2        68792                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Data::0       427752                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Data::2        57312                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::0          103                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::1         3844                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::2         8599                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Data::0         5941                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Data::2          796                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     6.046786                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers0000.avg_buf_msgs     0.000337                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers0000.avg_stall_time  1996.722953                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers0001.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers0001.avg_stall_time   393.486999                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time  8228.283023                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000120                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time  6734.159684                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.003713                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time 10538.681974                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.001953                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  9602.100044                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers0008.avg_buf_msgs     0.000273                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers0008.avg_stall_time   257.135498                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers0014.avg_buf_msgs     0.009215                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers0014.avg_stall_time  2199.896619                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers0015.avg_buf_msgs     0.000032                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers0015.avg_stall_time   484.270338                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers0016.avg_buf_msgs     0.003965                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers0016.avg_stall_time  4456.433808                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers0022.avg_buf_msgs     0.000038                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers0022.avg_stall_time  1621.239279                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers0023.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers0023.avg_stall_time   139.418631                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers0024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000748                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers0024.avg_stall_time  4827.982518                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     1.333649                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1          264                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::0        25488                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1           33                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Data::0          354                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.146668                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1760                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2          936                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          220                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle2.link_utilization    19.632492                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0          312                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1        30048                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::2         4048                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0       345672                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::2           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0           39                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1         3756                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle2.msg_count.Control::2          506                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0         4801                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle2.msg_count.Data::2            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle3.link_utilization     7.975042                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0          408                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::2        52512                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle3.msg_bytes.Data::0        52560                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle3.msg_bytes.Data::2        48528                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0           51                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1           52                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle3.msg_count.Control::2         6564                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle3.msg_count.Data::0          730                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle3.msg_count.Data::2          674                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle4.link_utilization     1.146079                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2        10472                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::0         3888                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2         7776                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2         1309                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle4.msg_count.Data::0           54                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2          108                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::0          800                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::1        26064                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::2        60512                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Data::0       383184                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Data::2        48888                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::0          100                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::1         3258                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::2         7564                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Data::0         5322                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Data::2          679                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     5.365253                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers0000.avg_buf_msgs     0.000366                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers0000.avg_stall_time  2058.701528                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers0001.avg_buf_msgs     0.000029                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers0001.avg_stall_time   468.597223                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time  3757.301825                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000120                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time  7664.504337                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.005549                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time 10110.866315                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.001650                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  9150.924086                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers0008.avg_buf_msgs     0.000345                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers0008.avg_stall_time   196.508521                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers0014.avg_buf_msgs     0.006533                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers0014.avg_stall_time  2494.863777                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers0015.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers0015.avg_stall_time   433.138591                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers0016.avg_buf_msgs     0.003319                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers0016.avg_stall_time  5287.982074                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers0022.avg_buf_msgs     0.000038                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers0022.avg_stall_time  4581.648106                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers0023.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers0023.avg_stall_time    96.309231                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers0024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000792                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers0024.avg_stall_time  5883.776151                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     1.339847                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1          448                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::0        25416                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Data::0          353                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.169805                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1704                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1368                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          213                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle2.link_utilization    17.291996                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0          304                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1        25280                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::2         4832                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0       304344                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::2           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0           38                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1         3160                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle2.msg_count.Control::2          604                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0         4227                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle2.msg_count.Data::2            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle3.link_utilization     6.915724                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1          312                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::2        43936                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle3.msg_bytes.Data::0        49896                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle3.msg_bytes.Data::2        39384                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1           39                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle3.msg_count.Control::2         5492                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle3.msg_count.Data::0          693                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle3.msg_count.Data::2          547                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle4.link_utilization     1.108896                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2        10040                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::0         3312                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2         8064                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2         1255                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle4.msg_count.Data::0           46                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2          112                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0          680                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::1        21272                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::2        50592                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Data::0       324360                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Data::2        39456                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0           85                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::1         2659                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::2         6324                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Data::0         4505                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Data::2          548                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     4.507057                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers0000.avg_buf_msgs     0.000292                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers0000.avg_stall_time  2192.329514                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers0001.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers0001.avg_stall_time   462.052662                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time  2891.778103                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000160                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time 10465.560294                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.007124                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  9556.295089                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.001344                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  8665.433151                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers0008.avg_buf_msgs     0.000314                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers0008.avg_stall_time   166.424717                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers0014.avg_buf_msgs     0.002910                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers0014.avg_stall_time  2595.300367                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers0015.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers0015.avg_stall_time   427.215303                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers0016.avg_buf_msgs     0.002449                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers0016.avg_stall_time  6100.086192                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers0022.avg_buf_msgs     0.000042                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers0022.avg_stall_time  2194.977800                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers0023.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers0023.avg_stall_time    57.663917                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers0024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000707                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers0024.avg_stall_time  6558.451737                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.931241                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::0        17712                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Data::0          246                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.284247                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         2192                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0         1296                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          274                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0           18                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle2.link_utilization    14.645354                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0          280                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1        20664                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::2         4664                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0       257976                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0           35                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1         2583                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle2.msg_count.Control::2          583                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0         3583                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle3.link_utilization     5.601906                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0          304                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1          328                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::2        34184                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle3.msg_bytes.Data::0        43848                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle3.msg_bytes.Data::2        29808                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0           38                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1           41                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle3.msg_count.Control::2         4273                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle3.msg_count.Data::0          609                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle3.msg_count.Data::2          414                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle4.link_utilization     1.072538                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2         9552                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::0         3528                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2         7632                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2         1194                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle4.msg_count.Data::0           49                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2          106                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::1        16232                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::2        39640                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Data::0       255888                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Data::2        29880                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::1         2029                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::2         4955                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Data::0         3554                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Data::2          415                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     3.534006                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers0000.avg_buf_msgs     0.000184                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers0000.avg_stall_time  1597.258235                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers0001.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers0001.avg_stall_time   481.568597                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time  6615.757886                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000116                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time 10210.834244                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.005962                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  9020.076520                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.001035                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  8179.777222                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers0008.avg_buf_msgs     0.000294                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers0008.avg_stall_time   130.785074                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers0014.avg_buf_msgs     0.000958                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers0014.avg_stall_time  2717.198319                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers0015.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers0015.avg_stall_time   366.456119                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers0016.avg_buf_msgs     0.001726                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers0016.avg_stall_time  7073.335997                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers0022.avg_buf_msgs     0.000032                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers0022.avg_stall_time  3202.634527                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers0023.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers0023.avg_stall_time    57.411380                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers0024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000702                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers0024.avg_stall_time  7412.981493                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.906039                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0          104                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1          160                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::0        17280                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1           20                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Data::0          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.192528                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1568                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         2088                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          196                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           29                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle2.link_utilization    11.485580                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0          184                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1        15816                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::2         4296                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0       202032                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::2           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0           23                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1         1977                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle2.msg_count.Control::2          537                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0         2806                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle2.msg_count.Data::2            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle3.link_utilization     3.997230                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0          192                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1          248                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::2        24328                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle3.msg_bytes.Data::0        32472                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle3.msg_bytes.Data::2        20160                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1           31                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle3.msg_count.Control::2         3041                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle3.msg_count.Data::0          451                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle3.msg_count.Data::2          280                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle4.link_utilization     1.088651                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2         9448                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::0         4032                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2         7560                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2         1181                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle4.msg_count.Data::0           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2          105                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0          344                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::1        11360                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::2        28256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Data::0       182952                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Data::2        20160                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0           43                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::1         1420                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::2         3532                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Data::0         2541                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Data::2          280                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     2.510632                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers0000.avg_buf_msgs     0.000202                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers0000.avg_stall_time  1295.071229                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers0001.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers0001.avg_stall_time   312.479057                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time  4871.483756                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000125                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time 10792.275736                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.004633                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  8193.620081                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000727                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  7571.368114                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers0008.avg_buf_msgs     0.000227                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers0008.avg_stall_time    90.762684                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers0014.avg_buf_msgs     0.000235                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers0014.avg_stall_time  3432.588067                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers0015.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers0015.avg_stall_time   358.520276                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers0016.avg_buf_msgs     0.000871                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers0016.avg_stall_time  7898.582170                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers0022.avg_buf_msgs     0.000041                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers0022.avg_stall_time  2692.712243                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers0023.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers0023.avg_stall_time    36.757736                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers0024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000808                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers0024.avg_stall_time  8002.518667                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.887034                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0          112                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::0        16920                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0           14                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1           18                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Data::0          235                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.216491                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1672                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         2376                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          209                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           33                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle2.link_utilization     8.196077                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0          112                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1        11056                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::2         3248                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0       144288                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0           14                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1         1382                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle2.msg_count.Control::2          406                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0         2004                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle3.link_utilization     2.063273                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0           88                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::2        12432                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle3.msg_bytes.Data::0        18216                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle3.msg_bytes.Data::2         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1           18                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle3.msg_count.Control::2         1554                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle3.msg_count.Data::0          253                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle3.msg_count.Data::2          126                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle4.link_utilization     1.190286                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2        10904                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::0         3384                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2         8712                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2         1363                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle4.msg_count.Data::0           47                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2          121                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0          168                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::1         5544                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::2        14504                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Data::0        95040                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Data::2         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0           21                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::1          693                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::2         1813                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Data::0         1320                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Data::2          126                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     1.605192                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers0000.avg_buf_msgs     0.000172                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers0000.avg_stall_time  1440.283068                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers0001.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers0001.avg_stall_time   403.487051                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time   948.836794                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000116                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time  9845.543728                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.001074                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  7331.368799                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000348                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  6854.048696                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers0008.avg_buf_msgs     0.000118                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers0008.avg_stall_time    53.464242                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers0014.avg_buf_msgs     0.000025                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers0014.avg_stall_time  6066.578411                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers0015.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers0015.avg_stall_time    15.364294                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers0016.avg_buf_msgs     0.000769                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers0016.avg_stall_time  8707.420851                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.870508                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::0        16632                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1           18                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Data::0          231                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.159476                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1648                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1368                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          206                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle2.link_utilization     4.243881                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         5384                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::2         1832                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        74880                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          673                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle2.msg_count.Control::2          229                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle3.link_utilization     1.146905                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::2        11024                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle3.msg_bytes.Data::0         3456                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle3.msg_bytes.Data::2         7704                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle3.msg_count.Control::2         1378                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle3.msg_count.Data::0           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle3.msg_count.Data::2          107                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0          184                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::1         5320                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::2        13976                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Data::0        92664                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Data::2         8064                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0           23                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::1          665                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::2         1747                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Data::0         1287                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Data::2          112                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     1.241155                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers0000.avg_buf_msgs     0.000288                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers0000.avg_stall_time  1019.151854                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers0001.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers0001.avg_stall_time   342.456995                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time    38.338291                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000132                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time  4416.279987                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000573                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  6646.571294                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000319                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  6424.681655                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers0008.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers0008.avg_stall_time    45.435181                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers0014.avg_buf_msgs     0.000287                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers0014.avg_stall_time   457.173617                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers0015.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers0015.avg_stall_time   184.926112                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers0016.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers0016.avg_stall_time    44.163711                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers0022.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers0022.avg_stall_time  1678.909611                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers0024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000755                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers0024.avg_stall_time  4741.841439                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.873400                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::0        16704                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1           18                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Data::0          232                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.178894                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1880                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1512                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          235                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           21                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle2.link_utilization     3.499642                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         4944                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::2          312                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        62496                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          618                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle2.msg_count.Control::2           39                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          868                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle3.link_utilization     0.592871                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1          232                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::2         1488                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle3.msg_bytes.Data::0         9720                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1           29                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle3.msg_count.Control::2          186                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle3.msg_count.Data::0          135                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle4.link_utilization     1.060970                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2        10296                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::0         3672                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2         6552                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2         1287                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle4.msg_count.Data::0           51                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2           91                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0          232                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::1         5056                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::2        16728                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Data::0       118368                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Data::2         8568                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0           29                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::1          632                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::2         2091                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Data::0         1644                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Data::2          119                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     1.282066                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers0000.avg_buf_msgs     0.000519                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers0000.avg_stall_time   710.863438                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers0001.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers0001.avg_stall_time   252.795614                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time  2861.248134                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000122                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time  4744.473987                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000654                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  6838.715133                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000295                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  6582.615354                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers0008.avg_buf_msgs     0.000018                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers0008.avg_stall_time    36.508033                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers0014.avg_buf_msgs     0.000131                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers0014.avg_stall_time  1112.483553                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers0015.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers0015.avg_stall_time   302.108213                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers0016.avg_buf_msgs     0.000078                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers0016.avg_stall_time   106.807634                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers0022.avg_buf_msgs     0.001203                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers0022.avg_stall_time   434.290245                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers0023.avg_buf_msgs     0.000013                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers0023.avg_stall_time   174.168452                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers0024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000232                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers0024.avg_stall_time    61.653400                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers0030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers0030.avg_stall_time  3031.054706                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers0032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000778                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers0032.avg_stall_time  5691.318833                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     1.085346                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0          120                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1          232                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::0        20664                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1           29                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Data::0          287                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.154931                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1776                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1080                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          222                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle2.link_utilization     3.642334                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         4552                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::2          280                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        65664                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          569                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle2.msg_count.Control::2           35                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          912                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle3.link_utilization     0.769699                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::2         1216                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle3.msg_bytes.Data::0        13608                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle3.msg_count.Control::2          152                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle3.msg_count.Data::0          189                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle4.link_utilization     1.082454                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1          208                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2         2832                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::0        17784                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1           26                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2          354                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle4.msg_count.Data::0          247                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle5.link_utilization     0.957631                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2        10624                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::0          504                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2         7416                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2         1328                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle5.msg_count.Data::0            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2          103                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::1         4984                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::2        18168                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Data::0       131112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Data::2         7848                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::1          623                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::2         2271                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Data::0         1821                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Data::2          109                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     1.397550                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers0000.avg_buf_msgs     0.000462                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers0000.avg_stall_time   579.170503                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers0001.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers0001.avg_stall_time   225.226350                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time  2524.668993                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000138                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time  6136.602489                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000986                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  6977.490021                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000286                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  6688.995381                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers0008.avg_buf_msgs     0.000019                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers0008.avg_stall_time    31.867838                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers0014.avg_buf_msgs     0.000788                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers0014.avg_stall_time  1075.422931                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers0015.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers0015.avg_stall_time   291.473724                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers0016.avg_buf_msgs     0.000141                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers0016.avg_stall_time    89.105178                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers0022.avg_buf_msgs     0.001716                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers0022.avg_stall_time   599.315679                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers0023.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers0023.avg_stall_time   188.305168                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers0024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000246                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers0024.avg_stall_time    89.469782                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers0030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000005                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers0030.avg_stall_time  2394.654958                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers0032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000746                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers0032.avg_stall_time  5978.303923                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     1.076257                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0           88                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1          232                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::0        20520                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1           29                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Data::0          285                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.176002                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1968                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1368                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          246                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     3.527891                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         4416                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::2          296                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        63576                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          552                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Control::2           37                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          883                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     1.391077                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1          168                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::2         2080                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Data::0        24624                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1           21                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Control::2          260                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Data::0          342                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization     1.320842                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1          168                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2         3584                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::0        21672                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1           21                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2          448                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Data::0          301                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization     0.893231                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2        10240                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::0          648                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2         6408                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2         1280                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Data::0            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2           89                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0          232                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::1         4904                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::2        17912                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Data::0       128952                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Data::2         8136                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0           29                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::1          613                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::2         2239                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Data::0         1791                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Data::2          113                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     1.378313                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers0000.avg_buf_msgs     0.000358                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers0000.avg_stall_time   517.243391                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers0001.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers0001.avg_stall_time   200.057745                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time   300.670224                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000122                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time  7034.821860                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000847                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  6952.976001                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000280                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  6563.195480                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers0008.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers0008.avg_stall_time    27.514783                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers0014.avg_buf_msgs     0.001572                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers0014.avg_stall_time   906.499687                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers0015.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers0015.avg_stall_time   247.885067                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers0016.avg_buf_msgs     0.000165                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers0016.avg_stall_time    69.756054                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers0022.avg_buf_msgs     0.002267                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers0022.avg_stall_time   819.843978                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers0023.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers0023.avg_stall_time   159.343072                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers0024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000260                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers0024.avg_stall_time   124.503644                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers0030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers0030.avg_stall_time  5464.261497                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers0032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000734                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers0032.avg_stall_time  6647.458787                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.840761                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::0        16056                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1           18                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Data::0          223                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.161129                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1752                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1296                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          219                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           18                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.link_utilization     3.353542                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         4336                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::2          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        60336                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          542                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Control::2           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          838                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.link_utilization     1.719532                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1          280                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::2         2496                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Data::0        30456                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1           35                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Control::2          312                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Data::0          423                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.link_utilization     1.308292                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2         3600                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::0        21528                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1           18                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2          450                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Data::0          299                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.link_utilization     0.886621                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2         9824                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::0          504                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2         6840                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2         1228                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Data::0            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2           95                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::1         4560                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::2        17072                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Data::0       123984                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Data::2         7632                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0           27                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::1          570                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::2         2134                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Data::0         1722                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Data::2          106                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     1.320868                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers0000.avg_buf_msgs     0.000304                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers0000.avg_stall_time   480.414098                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers0001.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers0001.avg_stall_time   145.972234                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time  1216.548171                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time  7069.249938                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000557                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  6836.474824                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000259                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  6546.256055                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers0008.avg_buf_msgs     0.000018                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers0008.avg_stall_time    23.017125                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers0014.avg_buf_msgs     0.002664                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers0014.avg_stall_time   803.403693                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers0015.avg_buf_msgs     0.000019                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers0015.avg_stall_time   212.330894                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers0016.avg_buf_msgs     0.000183                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers0016.avg_stall_time    51.024590                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers0022.avg_buf_msgs     0.001102                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers0022.avg_stall_time   860.367316                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers0023.avg_buf_msgs     0.000006                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers0023.avg_stall_time   146.374799                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers0024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000207                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers0024.avg_stall_time   139.663423                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers0030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers0030.avg_stall_time  3147.433010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers0032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000692                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers0032.avg_stall_time  7441.310180                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.839108                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1          168                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::0        15984                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1           21                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Data::0          222                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.119400                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1376                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          172                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle2.link_utilization     3.242404                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         4016                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::2          280                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        58464                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          502                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle2.msg_count.Control::2           35                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          812                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle3.link_utilization     1.710029                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1          280                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::2         2472                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle3.msg_bytes.Data::0        30312                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1           35                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle3.msg_count.Control::2          309                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle3.msg_count.Data::0          421                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle4.link_utilization     1.128882                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::0        18648                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle4.msg_count.Data::0          259                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle5.link_utilization     0.885381                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2         9872                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::0          504                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2         1234                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle5.msg_count.Data::0            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0          160                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::1         4608                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::2        15544                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Data::0       111240                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Data::2         7632                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0           20                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::1          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::2         1943                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Data::0         1545                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Data::2          106                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     1.197938                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers0000.avg_buf_msgs     0.000330                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers0000.avg_stall_time   431.161944                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers0001.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers0001.avg_stall_time   105.673800                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time  2899.629545                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000121                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time  8838.456138                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000854                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  6848.098815                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000269                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  6499.412294                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers0008.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers0008.avg_stall_time    18.874259                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers0014.avg_buf_msgs     0.002333                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers0014.avg_stall_time   768.773686                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers0015.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers0015.avg_stall_time   175.201329                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers0016.avg_buf_msgs     0.000161                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers0016.avg_stall_time    34.543763                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers0022.avg_buf_msgs     0.000428                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers0022.avg_stall_time   762.842656                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers0023.avg_buf_msgs     0.000005                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers0023.avg_stall_time    71.470370                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers0024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000160                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers0024.avg_stall_time   161.513656                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers0030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000005                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers0030.avg_stall_time  3127.348441                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers0032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000631                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers0032.avg_stall_time  8205.884701                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.772178                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1          112                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::0        14760                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1           14                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Data::0          205                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.206575                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1768                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0         1296                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2          936                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          221                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0           18                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle2.link_utilization     3.162666                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         4168                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::2          248                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        56736                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::2           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          521                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle2.msg_count.Control::2           31                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          788                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle2.msg_count.Data::2            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle3.link_utilization     1.469163                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1          248                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::2         2104                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle3.msg_bytes.Data::0        26064                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1           31                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle3.msg_count.Control::2          263                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle3.msg_count.Data::0          362                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.link_utilization     0.736286                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2         2416                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::0        11736                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2          302                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Data::0          163                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.link_utilization     0.840761                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2         9008                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::0          648                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2         6624                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2         1126                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Data::0            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2           92                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Control::0          120                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Control::1         5216                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Control::2        15216                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Data::0       102816                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Data::2         8712                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Control::0           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Control::1          652                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Control::2         1902                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Data::0         1428                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Data::2          121                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized     1.136775                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers0000.avg_buf_msgs     0.000213                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers0000.avg_stall_time   358.966481                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers0001.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers0001.avg_stall_time    66.446989                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time  5684.632088                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000142                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time 10411.977020                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000665                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  7236.054239                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000325                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  6716.903684                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers0008.avg_buf_msgs     0.000012                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers0008.avg_stall_time    14.360075                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers0014.avg_buf_msgs     0.001512                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers0014.avg_stall_time   545.709669                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers0015.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers0015.avg_stall_time   143.685698                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers0016.avg_buf_msgs     0.000104                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers0016.avg_stall_time    20.715877                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers0022.avg_buf_msgs     0.000102                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers0022.avg_stall_time   221.945932                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers0023.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers0023.avg_stall_time    59.868334                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers0024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers0024.avg_stall_time   194.879157                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers0030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers0030.avg_stall_time  2401.336871                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers0032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000715                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers0032.avg_stall_time  8771.690258                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization     0.594059                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::0        11376                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Data::0          158                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization     0.166913                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         2080                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1008                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          260                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           14                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle2.link_utilization     3.564248                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         4960                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::2          184                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        63864                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          620                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle2.msg_count.Control::2           23                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          887                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle3.link_utilization     1.158060                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1          160                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::2         1360                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle3.msg_bytes.Data::0        20880                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1           20                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle3.msg_count.Control::2          170                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle3.msg_count.Data::0          290                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle4.link_utilization     0.340023                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2         1424                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::0         5112                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2          178                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle4.msg_count.Data::0           71                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle5.link_utilization     0.997345                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2        10168                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::0         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2         7704                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2         1271                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle5.msg_count.Data::0           20                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2          107                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::1         4864                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::2        13352                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Data::0        87408                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Data::2         7704                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::1          608                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::2         1669                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Data::0         1214                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Data::2          107                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     1.170631                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers0000.avg_buf_msgs     0.000098                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers0000.avg_stall_time   204.193119                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers0001.avg_buf_msgs     0.000003                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers0001.avg_stall_time    63.380113                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time  1266.155705                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000187                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time 10187.699369                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000885                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  6814.256888                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000307                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  6449.490820                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers0008.avg_buf_msgs     0.000012                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers0008.avg_stall_time     9.497295                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers0014.avg_buf_msgs     0.000246                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers0014.avg_stall_time   476.818652                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers0015.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers0015.avg_stall_time   168.150916                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers0016.avg_buf_msgs     0.000040                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers0016.avg_stall_time     9.578376                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers0022.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers0022.avg_stall_time  6377.349929                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers0024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000680                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers0024.avg_stall_time  9401.115033                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization     0.423892                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::0         8136                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Data::0          113                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization     0.201617                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         2752                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1080                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          344                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle2.link_utilization     3.657620                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         4752                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::2          184                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        65880                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          594                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle2.msg_count.Control::2           23                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          915                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle3.link_utilization     0.658613                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::2          616                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle3.msg_bytes.Data::0        12096                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle3.msg_count.Control::2           77                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle3.msg_count.Data::0          168                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.link_utilization     0.911410                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2         9800                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::0         1224                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2         6624                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2         1225                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Data::0           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2           92                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Control::1         4368                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Control::2        10912                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Data::0        69120                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Data::2         6552                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Control::1          546                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Control::2         1364                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Data::0          960                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Data::2           91                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.percent_links_utilized     0.938688                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers0000.avg_buf_msgs     0.000202                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers0000.avg_stall_time    69.853671                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers0001.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers0001.avg_stall_time     8.578562                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time    99.464405                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000119                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time  5206.117625                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.001160                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  6415.500423                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000281                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  6004.458667                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers0008.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers0008.avg_stall_time     4.339629                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers0016.avg_buf_msgs     0.000029                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers0016.avg_stall_time     5.074004                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers0022.avg_buf_msgs     0.000012                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers0022.avg_stall_time  2026.131804                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers0024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000595                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers0024.avg_stall_time  5773.604956                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.link_utilization     0.284764                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::0         5544                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Data::0           77                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.link_utilization     0.142537                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1752                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          219                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle2.link_utilization     3.416289                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         4360                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::2          120                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        61704                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          545                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle2.msg_count.Control::2           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          857                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle3.link_utilization     0.023550                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::2          456                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle3.msg_count.Control::2           57                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle4.link_utilization     0.826301                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2         8584                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::0         1728                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2         5688                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2         1073                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle4.msg_count.Data::0           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2           79                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Control::1         3952                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Control::2        11080                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Data::0        72072                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Data::2         7416                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Control::1          494                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Control::2         1385                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Data::0         1001                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Data::2          103                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.percent_links_utilized     0.813020                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time  2768.329843                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000123                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time  5814.047992                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.001082                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  6439.971830                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000255                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  5956.254604                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers0014.avg_buf_msgs     0.000048                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers0014.avg_stall_time    65.341293                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers0015.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers0015.avg_stall_time     7.771368                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers0024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000026                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers0024.avg_stall_time    10.145942                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers0030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000003                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers0030.avg_stall_time  3050.090868                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers0032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000619                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers0032.avg_stall_time  6311.499628                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.link_utilization     0.152039                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1792                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1080                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          224                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle2.link_utilization     3.717527                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         3944                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        68040                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          493                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          945                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle3.link_utilization     0.179514                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle3.msg_bytes.Data::0         3528                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle3.msg_count.Data::0           49                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle4.link_utilization     0.020658                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2          400                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2           50                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle5.link_utilization     0.808380                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2         8888                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::0          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2         6336                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2         1111                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle5.msg_count.Data::0            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2           88                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Control::1         3680                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Control::2        10640                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Data::0        69552                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Data::2         6408                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Control::1          460                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Control::2         1330                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Data::0          966                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Data::2           89                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.percent_links_utilized     0.776568                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time  3675.310869                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000108                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time  7272.609265                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.001091                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  6470.809639                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000237                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  6207.175030                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers0014.avg_buf_msgs     0.000026                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers0014.avg_stall_time    58.825911                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers0015.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers0015.avg_stall_time     6.962109                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers0024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers0024.avg_stall_time    15.215815                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers0030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers0030.avg_stall_time  2258.775999                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers0032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000604                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers0032.avg_stall_time  6836.205243                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.link_utilization     0.123119                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1592                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          199                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle2.link_utilization     3.588211                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         3672                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        65808                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          459                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          914                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle3.link_utilization     0.157307                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle3.msg_bytes.Data::0         3096                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle3.msg_count.Data::0           43                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle4.link_utilization     0.016526                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2          320                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle5.link_utilization     0.774244                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2         8728                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::0          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2         5688                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2         1091                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle5.msg_count.Data::0            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2           79                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Control::1         3784                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Control::2        10144                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Data::0        64584                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Data::2         6840                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Control::1          473                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Control::2         1268                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Data::0          897                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Data::2           95                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.percent_links_utilized     0.734160                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time  2670.521435                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000119                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time  7920.555312                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.001242                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  6453.508961                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000244                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  6126.382954                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers0014.avg_buf_msgs     0.000018                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers0014.avg_stall_time    52.846075                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers0015.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers0015.avg_stall_time     6.150784                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers0024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers0024.avg_stall_time    20.283622                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers0030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000003                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers0030.avg_stall_time  5926.154573                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers0032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000568                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers0032.avg_stall_time  7637.381017                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.link_utilization     0.128903                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1776                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2          648                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          222                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle2.link_utilization     3.377866                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         3776                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        61632                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          472                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          856                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle3.link_utilization     0.123945                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle3.msg_bytes.Data::0         2448                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle3.msg_count.Data::0           34                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle4.link_utilization     0.013634                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2          264                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2           33                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle5.link_utilization     0.760610                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2         8104                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::0          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2         6192                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2         1013                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle5.msg_count.Data::0            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2           86                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Control::1         3640                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Control::2        10136                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Data::0        65736                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Data::2         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Control::1          455                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Control::2         1267                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Data::0          913                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Data::2           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.percent_links_utilized     0.742173                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time  2609.044146                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000122                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time  8650.588918                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000909                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  6504.782988                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000234                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  6041.184376                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers0014.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers0014.avg_stall_time    47.095020                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers0015.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers0015.avg_stall_time     5.337393                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers0024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers0024.avg_stall_time    24.210617                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers0030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000003                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers0030.avg_stall_time  3800.307168                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers0032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000570                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers0032.avg_stall_time  8245.738739                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.link_utilization     0.148321                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1792                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2          936                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          224                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle2.link_utilization     3.452284                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         3632                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        63216                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          454                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          878                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle3.link_utilization     0.101738                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle3.msg_bytes.Data::0         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle3.msg_count.Data::0           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle4.link_utilization     0.009089                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2          176                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2           22                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle5.link_utilization     0.741605                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2         8168                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::0          360                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2         5832                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2         1021                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle5.msg_count.Data::0            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2           81                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Control::1         3560                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Control::2         9184                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Data::0        58176                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Data::2         6624                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Control::1          445                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Control::2         1148                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Data::0          808                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Data::2           92                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.percent_links_utilized     0.666997                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time  3343.964767                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time  9256.138245                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000545                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  6386.979100                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000229                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  6098.511832                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers0014.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers0014.avg_stall_time    43.188424                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers0015.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers0015.avg_stall_time     4.521936                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers0024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers0024.avg_stall_time    28.634425                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers0030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers0030.avg_stall_time  1782.792397                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers0032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000539                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers0032.avg_stall_time  9125.590479                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.link_utilization     0.120640                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1328                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          166                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle2.link_utilization     3.087473                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         3552                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        56232                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          444                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          781                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle3.link_utilization     0.064658                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle3.msg_bytes.Data::0         1296                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle3.msg_count.Data::0           18                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle4.link_utilization     0.007437                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2           18                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle5.link_utilization     0.721774                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2         7712                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::0          504                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2          964                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle5.msg_count.Data::0            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Control::1         4256                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Control::2        10312                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Data::0        64800                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Data::2         7704                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Control::1          532                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Control::2         1289                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Data::0          900                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Data::2          107                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.percent_links_utilized     0.749024                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time  1847.629390                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000117                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time 10375.362855                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000988                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  6639.786584                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000275                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  6224.247173                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers0014.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers0014.avg_stall_time    37.023703                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers0024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000005                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers0024.avg_stall_time    28.269821                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers0030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000003                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers0030.avg_stall_time  2942.363206                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers0032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000599                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers0032.avg_stall_time  9657.921303                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.link_utilization     0.195833                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1704                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0         1080                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1008                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          213                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           14                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle2.link_utilization     3.436172                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         4256                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        62280                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          532                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          865                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle3.link_utilization     0.053193                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle3.msg_bytes.Data::0         1080                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle3.msg_count.Data::0           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle4.link_utilization     0.004132                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle5.link_utilization     0.804817                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2         8528                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::0          360                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2         6696                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2         1066                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle5.msg_count.Data::0            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2           93                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Control::1         3712                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Control::2         9880                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Data::0        64368                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Data::2         6624                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Control::1          464                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Control::2         1235                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Data::0          894                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Data::2           92                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.percent_links_utilized     0.873152                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000105                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time 10901.882459                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000736                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  6570.624437                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000242                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  6225.300452                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers0014.avg_buf_msgs     0.000005                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers0014.avg_stall_time    37.881506                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers0022.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers0022.avg_stall_time  6449.007247                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers0024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000580                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers0024.avg_stall_time 10277.924702                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.link_utilization     0.127250                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1528                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2          936                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          191                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle2.link_utilization     3.419232                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         3712                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        62496                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          464                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          868                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle3.link_utilization     0.030986                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle3.msg_bytes.Data::0          648                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle3.msg_count.Data::0            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle4.link_utilization     0.788291                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2         8352                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::0         1224                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2         5688                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2         1044                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle4.msg_count.Data::0           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2           79                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Control::1         3648                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Control::2         8584                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Data::0        53352                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Data::2         5688                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Control::1          456                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Control::2         1073                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Data::0          741                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Data::2           79                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.percent_links_utilized     0.735749                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time  1173.363607                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time  6754.793967                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000464                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  5851.842988                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000235                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  5541.590297                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers0022.avg_buf_msgs     0.000012                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers0022.avg_stall_time  2084.678569                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers0024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000502                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers0024.avg_stall_time  6489.971030                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.link_utilization     0.133861                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1296                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1224                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          162                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle2.link_utilization     2.852442                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         3648                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        51624                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          456                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          717                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle4.link_utilization     0.692440                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2         7288                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::0         1656                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2         4464                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2          911                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle4.msg_count.Data::0           23                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2           62                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.msg_bytes.Control::1         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.msg_bytes.Control::2         8888                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.msg_bytes.Data::0        57096                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.msg_bytes.Data::2         6336                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.msg_count.Control::1          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.msg_count.Control::2         1111                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.msg_count.Data::0          793                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.msg_count.Data::2           88                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.percent_links_utilized     0.651082                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers25.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time  3111.493794                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers25.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000138                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers25.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time  8288.651374                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers25.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000758                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers25.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  6006.076418                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers25.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000215                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers25.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  5493.044611                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers25.port_buffers0030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers25.port_buffers0030.avg_stall_time  1199.955012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers25.port_buffers0032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000481                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers25.port_buffers0032.avg_stall_time  7031.416472                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.link_utilization     0.178068                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         2008                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1224                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          251                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle2.link_utilization     3.098215                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        56664                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          787                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle5.link_utilization     0.630209                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2         6880                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::0          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2         5112                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2          860                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle5.msg_count.Data::0            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2           71                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Control::1         3176                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Control::2         8728                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Data::0        56376                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Data::2         5688                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Control::1          397                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Control::2         1091                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Data::0          783                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Data::2           79                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.percent_links_utilized     0.636665                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000117                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time  7431.363842                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000725                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  5896.093718                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000206                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  5665.264798                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers0030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers0030.avg_stall_time  2312.316157                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers0032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000487                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers0032.avg_stall_time  8005.713093                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle1.link_utilization     0.130142                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1728                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2          792                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle2.link_utilization     3.045745                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         3176                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        55800                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          397                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          775                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle5.link_utilization     0.644101                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2         7000                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::0          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2         4896                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2          875                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle5.msg_count.Data::0            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2           68                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.msg_bytes.Control::1         3184                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.msg_bytes.Control::2         8104                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.msg_bytes.Data::0        51192                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.msg_bytes.Data::2         6192                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.msg_count.Control::1          398                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.msg_count.Control::2         1013                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.msg_count.Data::0          711                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.msg_count.Data::2           86                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.percent_links_utilized     0.591080                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers27.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time  3366.331694                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers27.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000104                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers27.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time  8716.124894                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers27.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000587                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers27.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  5970.842430                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers27.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000206                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers27.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  5584.407652                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers27.port_buffers0030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers27.port_buffers0030.avg_stall_time  8059.520880                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers27.port_buffers0032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000464                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers27.port_buffers0032.avg_stall_time  8890.362543                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle1.link_utilization     0.149974                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1464                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1296                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          183                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           18                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle2.link_utilization     2.785873                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         3184                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        50760                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          398                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          705                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle5.link_utilization     0.610636                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2         6640                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::0          288                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2         4896                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2          830                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle5.msg_count.Data::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2           68                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.msg_bytes.Control::1         2912                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.msg_bytes.Control::2         8168                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.msg_bytes.Data::0        53568                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.msg_bytes.Data::2         5832                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.msg_count.Control::1          364                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.msg_count.Control::2         1021                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.msg_count.Data::0          744                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.msg_count.Data::2           81                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.percent_links_utilized     0.606642                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers28.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time  1421.751180                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers28.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers28.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time  9245.450567                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers28.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000493                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers28.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  5885.114500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers28.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000188                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers28.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  5534.815925                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers28.port_buffers0030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers28.port_buffers0030.avg_stall_time  4646.845820                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers28.port_buffers0032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000474                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers28.port_buffers0032.avg_stall_time  9193.251340                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle1.link_utilization     0.129729                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1360                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1080                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          170                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle2.link_utilization     2.898250                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         2912                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        53208                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          364                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          739                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle5.link_utilization     0.611876                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2         6808                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::0          288                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2         4752                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2          851                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle5.msg_count.Data::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2           66                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.msg_bytes.Control::1         2984                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.msg_bytes.Control::2         7712                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.msg_bytes.Data::0        49176                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.msg_bytes.Data::2         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.msg_count.Control::1          373                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.msg_count.Control::2          964                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.msg_count.Data::0          683                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.msg_count.Data::2           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.percent_links_utilized     0.564914                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers29.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time   541.836946                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers29.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000101                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers29.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time 10119.311887                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers29.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000431                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers29.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  5758.931923                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers29.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000193                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers29.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  5569.355035                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers29.port_buffers0030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000003                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers29.port_buffers0030.avg_stall_time  1837.299326                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers29.port_buffers0032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000438                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers29.port_buffers0032.avg_stall_time 10020.809090                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle1.link_utilization     0.130969                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1456                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1008                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          182                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           14                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle2.link_utilization     2.667712                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         2984                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        48672                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          373                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          676                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle5.link_utilization     0.590805                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2         6256                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::0          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2         4752                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2          782                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle5.msg_count.Data::0            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2           66                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.msg_bytes.Control::1         3448                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.msg_bytes.Control::2         8528                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.msg_bytes.Data::0        52920                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.msg_bytes.Data::2         6696                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.msg_count.Control::1          431                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.msg_count.Control::2         1066                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.msg_count.Data::0          735                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.msg_count.Data::2           93                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.percent_links_utilized     0.616214                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers30.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time    46.587879                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers30.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000119                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers30.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time 11371.295135                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers30.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000736                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers30.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  6095.270151                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers30.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000223                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers30.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  5658.582864                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers30.port_buffers0030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers30.port_buffers0030.avg_stall_time  3195.767996                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers30.port_buffers0032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000480                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers30.port_buffers0032.avg_stall_time 10576.060722                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle1.link_utilization     0.164847                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1680                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          210                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           20                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle2.link_utilization     2.892466                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         3448                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        52560                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          431                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          730                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle5.link_utilization     0.639970                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2         6848                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::0          288                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2         5256                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2          856                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle5.msg_count.Data::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2           73                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.msg_bytes.Control::1         3136                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.msg_bytes.Control::2         8352                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.msg_bytes.Data::0        54864                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.msg_bytes.Data::2         5688                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.msg_count.Control::1          392                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.msg_count.Control::2         1044                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.msg_count.Data::0          762                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.msg_count.Data::2           79                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.percent_links_utilized     0.743609                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers31.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time  5700.569874                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers31.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000111                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers31.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time 11542.641507                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers31.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000513                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers31.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  6048.990337                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers31.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000202                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers31.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  5664.742678                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers31.port_buffers0022.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers31.port_buffers0022.avg_stall_time  6427.864794                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers31.port_buffers0024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000469                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers31.port_buffers0024.avg_stall_time 11190.526098                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle1.link_utilization     0.152039                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1576                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1224                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          197                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle2.link_utilization     2.929753                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         3136                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        53640                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          392                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          745                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle4.link_utilization     0.636252                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2         6776                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::0         1080                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2         4464                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2          847                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle4.msg_count.Data::0           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2           62                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.msg_bytes.Control::1         3016                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.msg_bytes.Control::2         7288                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.msg_bytes.Data::0        46008                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.msg_bytes.Data::2         4464                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.msg_count.Control::1          377                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.msg_count.Control::2          911                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.msg_count.Data::0          639                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.msg_count.Data::2           62                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.percent_links_utilized     0.627359                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers32.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time  2179.944848                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers32.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000167                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers32.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time  7645.240684                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers32.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000790                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers32.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  5303.571531                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers32.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000199                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers32.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  5000.944305                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers32.port_buffers0022.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers32.port_buffers0022.avg_stall_time   266.822842                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers32.port_buffers0024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000335                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers32.port_buffers0024.avg_stall_time  7036.359038                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle1.link_utilization     0.251609                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         2496                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0         1512                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          312                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0           21                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle2.link_utilization     2.444353                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         3016                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        44352                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          377                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          616                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle4.link_utilization     0.440831                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2         4792                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::0          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2         3600                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2          599                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle4.msg_count.Data::0            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2           50                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.msg_bytes.Control::1         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.msg_bytes.Control::2         6880                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.msg_bytes.Data::0        44352                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.msg_bytes.Data::2         5112                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.msg_count.Control::1          320                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.msg_count.Control::2          860                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.msg_count.Data::0          616                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.msg_count.Data::2           71                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.percent_links_utilized     0.506944                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers33.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time   464.860317                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers33.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000136                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers33.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time  8294.908284                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers33.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000673                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers33.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  5449.766339                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers33.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000166                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers33.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  4964.000916                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers33.port_buffers0030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers33.port_buffers0030.avg_stall_time  1187.766040                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers33.port_buffers0032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000344                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers33.port_buffers0032.avg_stall_time  8240.193489                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers33.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.throttle1.link_utilization     0.172284                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1968                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1296                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          246                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           18                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.throttle2.link_utilization     2.411559                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        44136                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          320                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          613                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.throttle5.link_utilization     0.457822                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2         4912                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::0          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2         3816                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2          614                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.throttle5.msg_count.Data::0            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2           53                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.msg_bytes.Control::1         2592                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.msg_bytes.Control::2         7000                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.msg_bytes.Data::0        45288                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.msg_bytes.Data::2         4896                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.msg_count.Control::1          324                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.msg_count.Control::2          875                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.msg_count.Data::0          629                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.msg_count.Data::2           68                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.percent_links_utilized     0.514510                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers34.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time   394.104698                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers34.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000135                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers34.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time  8782.125667                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers34.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000645                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers34.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  5441.990592                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers34.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000167                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers34.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  5094.877143                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers34.port_buffers0030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers34.port_buffers0030.avg_stall_time  2365.854248                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers34.port_buffers0032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000352                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers34.port_buffers0032.avg_stall_time  9108.059735                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle1.link_utilization     0.174349                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1936                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1368                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          242                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle2.link_utilization     2.442958                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         2592                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        44712                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          324                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          621                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle5.link_utilization     0.469752                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2         5064                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::0          504                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2         3528                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2          633                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle5.msg_count.Data::0            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2           49                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.msg_bytes.Control::1         2576                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.msg_bytes.Control::2         6640                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.msg_bytes.Data::0        42048                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.msg_bytes.Data::2         4896                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.msg_count.Control::1          322                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.msg_count.Control::2          830                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.msg_count.Data::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.msg_count.Data::2           68                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.percent_links_utilized     0.483386                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers35.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time  5617.053880                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers35.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000134                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers35.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time 12085.538132                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers35.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000853                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers35.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  5527.004541                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers35.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000166                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers35.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  5056.689652                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers35.port_buffers0030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers35.port_buffers0030.avg_stall_time  7995.331771                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers35.port_buffers0032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000329                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers35.port_buffers0032.avg_stall_time  9865.413683                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers35.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.throttle1.link_utilization     0.164021                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1952                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          244                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.throttle2.link_utilization     2.289679                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         2576                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        41760                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          322                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          580                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.throttle5.link_utilization     0.446616                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2         4688                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::0          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2         3744                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2          586                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.throttle5.msg_count.Data::0            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2           52                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.msg_bytes.Control::1         2400                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.msg_bytes.Control::2         6808                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.msg_bytes.Data::0        44784                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.msg_bytes.Data::2         4752                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.msg_count.Control::1          300                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.msg_count.Control::2          851                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.msg_count.Data::0          622                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.msg_count.Data::2           66                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.percent_links_utilized     0.505627                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers36.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time  2958.942197                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers36.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers36.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time 10248.672622                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers36.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000627                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers36.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  5403.000557                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers36.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000155                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers36.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  5090.979328                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers36.port_buffers0030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers36.port_buffers0030.avg_stall_time  4634.001493                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers36.port_buffers0032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000380                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers36.port_buffers0032.avg_stall_time 10060.724838                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle1.link_utilization     0.134687                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1312                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1224                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          164                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle2.link_utilization     2.421887                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         2400                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        44496                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          300                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          618                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle5.link_utilization     0.477189                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2         5496                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::0          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2         3528                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2          687                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle5.msg_count.Data::0            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2           49                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.msg_bytes.Control::1         2408                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.msg_bytes.Control::2         6256                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.msg_bytes.Data::0        40104                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.msg_bytes.Data::2         4752                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.msg_count.Control::1          301                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.msg_count.Control::2          782                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.msg_count.Data::0          557                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.msg_count.Data::2           66                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.percent_links_utilized     0.460663                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers37.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time   168.493060                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers37.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000100                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers37.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time 11190.860488                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers37.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000413                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers37.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  5291.824631                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers37.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000155                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers37.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  5078.164691                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers37.port_buffers0030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers37.port_buffers0030.avg_stall_time  1958.975251                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers37.port_buffers0032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000338                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers37.port_buffers0032.avg_stall_time 10739.483125                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers37.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.throttle1.link_utilization     0.133448                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1432                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1008                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          179                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           14                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.throttle2.link_utilization     2.173171                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         2408                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        39672                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          301                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          551                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.throttle5.link_utilization     0.457357                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2         4824                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::0          288                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2         3744                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2          603                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.throttle5.msg_count.Data::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2           52                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.msg_bytes.Control::1         2720                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.msg_bytes.Control::2         6848                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.msg_bytes.Data::0        42840                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.msg_bytes.Data::2         5256                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.msg_count.Control::1          340                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.msg_count.Control::2          856                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.msg_count.Data::0          595                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.msg_count.Data::2           73                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.percent_links_utilized     0.496331                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers38.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time   742.663149                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers38.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000132                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers38.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time 11707.065535                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers38.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000596                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers38.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  5422.793557                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers38.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000177                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers38.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  5168.409129                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers38.port_buffers0030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers38.port_buffers0030.avg_stall_time  3463.645933                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers38.port_buffers0032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000348                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers38.port_buffers0032.avg_stall_time 11404.531276                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers38.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.throttle1.link_utilization     0.181786                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1864                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1584                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          233                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           22                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.throttle2.link_utilization     2.338018                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         2720                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        42552                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          340                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          591                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.throttle5.link_utilization     0.458184                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2         4984                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::0          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2         3672                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2          623                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.throttle5.msg_count.Data::0            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2           51                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.msg_bytes.Control::1         2480                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.msg_bytes.Control::2         6776                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.msg_bytes.Data::0        45144                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.msg_bytes.Data::2         4464                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.msg_count.Control::1          310                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.msg_count.Control::2          847                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.msg_count.Data::0          627                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.msg_count.Data::2           62                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.percent_links_utilized     0.607538                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000006                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers39.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time  5056.088826                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers39.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000128                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers39.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time 12333.157995                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers39.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000841                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers39.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  5639.013737                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers39.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000160                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers39.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  5169.216321                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers39.port_buffers0022.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers39.port_buffers0022.avg_stall_time  5956.570225                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers39.port_buffers0024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000342                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers39.port_buffers0024.avg_stall_time 12215.067747                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers39.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.throttle1.link_utilization     0.189636                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1872                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2          936                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          234                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.throttle2.link_utilization     2.401437                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         2480                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        44064                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          310                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          612                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.throttle4.link_utilization     0.446616                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2         4904                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::0          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2         3528                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2          613                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.throttle4.msg_count.Data::0            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2           49                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.msg_bytes.Control::1         1840                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.msg_bytes.Control::2         4792                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.msg_bytes.Data::0        30312                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.msg_bytes.Data::2         3600                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.msg_count.Control::1          230                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.msg_count.Control::2          599                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.msg_count.Data::0          421                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.msg_count.Data::2           50                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.percent_links_utilized     0.418408                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers40.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time   262.834909                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers40.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000115                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers40.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time  8571.872158                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers40.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000404                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers40.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  4706.376357                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers40.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000119                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers40.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  4528.420356                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers40.port_buffers0022.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers40.port_buffers0022.avg_stall_time   320.181214                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers40.port_buffers0024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000221                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers40.port_buffers0024.avg_stall_time  8060.774417                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers40.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.throttle1.link_utilization     0.138405                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1672                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2          936                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          209                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.throttle2.link_utilization     1.651207                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         1840                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        30168                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          230                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          419                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.throttle4.link_utilization     0.302426                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2         3120                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2         2664                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2          390                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.throttle4.msg_count.Data::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2           37                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.msg_bytes.Control::1         1816                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.msg_bytes.Control::2         4904                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.msg_bytes.Data::0        31896                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.msg_bytes.Data::2         3816                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.msg_count.Control::1          227                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.msg_count.Control::2          613                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.msg_count.Data::0          443                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.msg_count.Data::2           53                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.percent_links_utilized     0.365225                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers41.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time   839.729203                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers41.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000114                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers41.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time 10182.201382                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers41.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000554                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers41.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  5027.917087                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers41.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000117                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers41.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  4579.272452                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers41.port_buffers0030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers41.port_buffers0030.avg_stall_time  1216.001770                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers41.port_buffers0032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000230                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers41.port_buffers0032.avg_stall_time  9236.069985                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers41.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.throttle1.link_utilization     0.147495                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1632                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          204                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.throttle2.link_utilization     1.733579                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         1816                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        31752                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          227                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          441                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.throttle5.link_utilization     0.310276                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2         3272                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2         2664                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2          409                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.throttle5.msg_count.Data::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2           37                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.msg_bytes.Control::1         1800                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.msg_bytes.Control::2         5064                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.msg_bytes.Data::0        33552                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.msg_bytes.Data::2         3528                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.msg_count.Control::1          225                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.msg_count.Control::2          633                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.msg_count.Data::0          466                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.msg_count.Data::2           49                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.percent_links_utilized     0.378239                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers42.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time  2301.821881                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers42.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000106                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers42.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time 11067.724381                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers42.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000504                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers42.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  4850.829221                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers42.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000116                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers42.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  4632.445164                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers42.port_buffers0030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000003                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers42.port_buffers0030.avg_stall_time  2626.154996                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers42.port_buffers0032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000246                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers42.port_buffers0032.avg_stall_time  9627.805741                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers42.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.throttle1.link_utilization     0.138405                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1528                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1008                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          191                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           14                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.throttle2.link_utilization     1.799683                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         1800                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        33048                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          225                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          459                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.throttle5.link_utilization     0.331347                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2         3536                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::0          360                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2         2520                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2          442                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.throttle5.msg_count.Data::0            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2           35                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.msg_bytes.Control::1         1728                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.msg_bytes.Control::2         4688                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.msg_bytes.Data::0        30816                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.msg_bytes.Data::2         3744                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.msg_count.Control::1          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.msg_count.Control::2          586                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.msg_count.Data::0          428                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.msg_count.Data::2           52                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.percent_links_utilized     0.352693                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers43.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time  6708.396260                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers43.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000105                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers43.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time 11413.180578                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers43.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000493                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers43.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  4817.594370                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers43.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000112                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers43.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  4538.638856                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers43.port_buffers0030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers43.port_buffers0030.avg_stall_time  4161.305312                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers43.port_buffers0032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000224                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers43.port_buffers0032.avg_stall_time 10716.641592                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers43.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.throttle1.link_utilization     0.134274                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1520                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1008                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          190                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           14                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.throttle2.link_utilization     1.669541                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         1728                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        30600                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          425                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.throttle5.link_utilization     0.312342                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2         3168                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::0          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2         2736                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2          396                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.throttle5.msg_count.Data::0            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2           38                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.msg_bytes.Control::1         1840                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.msg_bytes.Control::2         5496                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.msg_bytes.Data::0        36720                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.msg_bytes.Data::2         3528                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.msg_count.Control::1          230                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.msg_count.Control::2          687                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.msg_count.Data::0          510                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.msg_count.Data::2           49                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.percent_links_utilized     0.409570                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers44.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time  4481.545436                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers44.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000121                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers44.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time 11609.512474                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers44.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000485                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers44.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  4783.926747                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers44.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000119                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers44.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  4545.514453                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers44.port_buffers0030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers44.port_buffers0030.avg_stall_time  2718.897183                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers44.port_buffers0032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000259                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers44.port_buffers0032.avg_stall_time 10980.788247                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers44.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.throttle1.link_utilization     0.153692                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1752                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          219                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.throttle2.link_utilization     1.980230                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         1840                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        36504                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          230                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          507                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.throttle5.link_utilization     0.323497                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2         3744                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::0          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2         2376                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2          468                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.throttle5.msg_count.Data::0            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2           33                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.msg_bytes.Control::1         1832                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.msg_bytes.Control::2         4824                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.msg_bytes.Data::0        31176                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.msg_bytes.Data::2         3744                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.msg_count.Control::1          229                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.msg_count.Control::2          603                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.msg_count.Data::0          433                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.msg_count.Data::2           52                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.percent_links_utilized     0.357857                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers45.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time   761.599378                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers45.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000110                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers45.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time 11815.168400                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers45.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000297                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers45.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  4733.380896                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers45.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000118                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers45.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  4564.790242                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers45.port_buffers0030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers45.port_buffers0030.avg_stall_time  2000.332637                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers45.port_buffers0032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000228                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers45.port_buffers0032.avg_stall_time 12018.743593                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers45.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.throttle1.link_utilization     0.147908                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1568                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1224                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          196                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.throttle2.link_utilization     1.689785                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         1832                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        30888                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          229                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          429                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.throttle5.link_utilization     0.309450                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2         3256                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::0          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2         2520                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2          407                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.throttle5.msg_count.Data::0            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2           35                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.msg_bytes.Control::1         1944                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.msg_bytes.Control::2         4984                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.msg_bytes.Data::0        31392                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.msg_bytes.Data::2         3672                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.msg_count.Control::1          243                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.msg_count.Control::2          623                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.msg_count.Data::0          436                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.msg_count.Data::2           51                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.percent_links_utilized     0.361438                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers46.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time  3340.965321                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers46.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000104                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers46.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time 12691.467822                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers46.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000329                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers46.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  4896.658955                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers46.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000125                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers46.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  4661.830225                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers46.port_buffers0030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers46.port_buffers0030.avg_stall_time  2255.331130                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers46.port_buffers0032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000244                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers46.port_buffers0032.avg_stall_time 12701.296924                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers46.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.throttle1.link_utilization     0.140471                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1496                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1080                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          187                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.throttle2.link_utilization     1.710443                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         1944                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        31176                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          243                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          433                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.throttle5.link_utilization     0.317713                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2         3488                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2         2592                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2          436                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.throttle5.msg_count.Data::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2           36                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.msg_bytes.Control::1         1792                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.msg_bytes.Control::2         4904                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.msg_bytes.Data::0        31896                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.msg_bytes.Data::2         3528                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.msg_count.Control::1          224                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.msg_count.Control::2          613                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.msg_count.Data::0          443                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.msg_count.Data::2           49                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.percent_links_utilized     0.434614                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers47.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time  5572.367763                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers47.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000106                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers47.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time 13485.472856                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers47.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000525                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers47.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  4974.382093                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers47.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000116                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers47.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  4566.139693                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers47.port_buffers0022.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers47.port_buffers0022.avg_stall_time  3884.646430                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers47.port_buffers0024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000235                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers47.port_buffers0024.avg_stall_time 12998.108030                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers47.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.throttle1.link_utilization     0.138405                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1528                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1080                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          191                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.throttle2.link_utilization     1.726452                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         1792                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        31680                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          224                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          440                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.throttle4.link_utilization     0.308210                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2         3376                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::0          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2         2448                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2          422                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.throttle4.msg_count.Data::0            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2           34                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.msg_bytes.Control::1         1264                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.msg_bytes.Control::2         3120                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.msg_bytes.Data::0        19440                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.msg_bytes.Data::2         2664                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.msg_count.Control::1          158                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.msg_count.Control::2          390                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.msg_count.Data::0          270                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.msg_count.Data::2           37                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.percent_links_utilized     0.273247                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000104                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers48.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time  9680.731850                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers48.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000179                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers48.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  4159.978537                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers48.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000082                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers48.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  3995.665019                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers48.port_buffers0022.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers48.port_buffers0022.avg_stall_time   373.537519                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers48.port_buffers0024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000116                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers48.port_buffers0024.avg_stall_time  8805.247886                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers48.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.throttle1.link_utilization     0.156171                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1584                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          180                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           22                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.throttle2.link_utilization     1.063811                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         1264                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        19368                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          158                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          269                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.throttle4.link_utilization     0.146255                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2         1680                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2         1080                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2          210                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.throttle4.msg_count.Data::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.msg_bytes.Control::1         1272                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.msg_bytes.Control::2         3272                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.msg_bytes.Data::0        20808                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.msg_bytes.Data::2         2664                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.msg_count.Control::1          159                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.msg_count.Control::2          409                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.msg_count.Data::0          289                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.msg_count.Data::2           37                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.percent_links_utilized     0.241142                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers49.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time  1244.235435                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers49.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000114                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers49.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time 12217.083142                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers49.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000320                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers49.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  4320.624053                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers49.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000082                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers49.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  4027.029846                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers49.port_buffers0032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000117                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers49.port_buffers0032.avg_stall_time  9482.696484                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers49.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.throttle1.link_utilization     0.160715                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1600                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          200                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           20                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.throttle2.link_utilization     1.136577                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         1272                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        20736                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          159                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          288                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.throttle5.link_utilization     0.149560                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2         1672                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2         1224                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2          209                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.msg_bytes.Control::1         1304                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.msg_bytes.Control::2         3536                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.msg_bytes.Data::0        23112                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.msg_bytes.Data::2         2520                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.msg_count.Control::1          163                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.msg_count.Control::2          442                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.msg_count.Data::0          321                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.msg_count.Data::2           35                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.percent_links_utilized     0.262282                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers50.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time  2857.044339                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers50.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000116                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers50.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time  9970.708927                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers50.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000260                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers50.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  4237.095119                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers50.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000084                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers50.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  4023.101045                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers50.port_buffers0030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers50.port_buffers0030.avg_stall_time  2020.260684                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers50.port_buffers0032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000131                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers50.port_buffers0032.avg_stall_time 11093.701211                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers50.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.throttle1.link_utilization     0.152866                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          208                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.throttle2.link_utilization     1.242343                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         1304                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        22752                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          163                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          316                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.throttle5.link_utilization     0.178481                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2         1872                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::0          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2         1368                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2          234                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.throttle5.msg_count.Data::0            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.msg_bytes.Control::1         1248                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.msg_bytes.Control::2         3168                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.msg_bytes.Data::0        20304                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.msg_bytes.Data::2         2736                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.msg_count.Control::1          156                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.msg_count.Control::2          396                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.msg_count.Data::0          282                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.msg_count.Data::2           38                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.percent_links_utilized     0.236322                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers51.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time  3358.576869                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers51.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000115                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers51.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time 11785.536998                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers51.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000213                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers51.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  4155.208199                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers51.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers51.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  3918.450573                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers51.port_buffers0030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers51.port_buffers0030.avg_stall_time  6925.061322                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers51.port_buffers0032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000109                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers51.port_buffers0032.avg_stall_time 10832.005827                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers51.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.throttle1.link_utilization     0.161955                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1624                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          203                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           20                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.throttle2.link_utilization     1.105590                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         1248                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        20160                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          156                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          280                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.throttle5.link_utilization     0.150387                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2         1544                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2         1296                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2          193                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.throttle5.msg_count.Data::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2           18                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.msg_bytes.Control::1         1216                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.msg_bytes.Control::2         3744                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.msg_bytes.Data::0        25344                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.msg_bytes.Data::2         2376                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.msg_count.Control::1          152                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.msg_count.Control::2          468                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.msg_count.Data::0          352                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.msg_count.Data::2           33                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.percent_links_utilized     0.281287                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000140                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers52.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time 11898.888933                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers52.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000446                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers52.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  4136.440844                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers52.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000078                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers52.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  3962.148713                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers52.port_buffers0030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers52.port_buffers0030.avg_stall_time  2777.738576                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers52.port_buffers0032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000118                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers52.port_buffers0032.avg_stall_time 11783.438193                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers52.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.throttle1.link_utilization     0.171871                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         2032                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1296                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          254                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           18                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.throttle2.link_utilization     1.364223                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         1216                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        25200                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          152                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          350                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.throttle5.link_utilization     0.151626                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2         1712                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::0          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2         1080                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2          214                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.throttle5.msg_count.Data::0            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.msg_bytes.Control::1         1240                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.msg_bytes.Control::2         3256                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.msg_bytes.Data::0        21024                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.msg_bytes.Data::2         2520                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.msg_count.Control::1          155                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.msg_count.Control::2          407                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.msg_count.Data::0          292                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.msg_count.Data::2           35                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.percent_links_utilized     0.241349                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers53.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time  1241.576820                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers53.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000115                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers53.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time 12774.357145                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers53.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000306                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers53.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  4115.965111                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers53.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000080                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers53.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  3965.006939                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers53.port_buffers0030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers53.port_buffers0030.avg_stall_time  2041.687957                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers53.port_buffers0032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000113                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers53.port_buffers0032.avg_stall_time 13514.322888                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers53.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.throttle1.link_utilization     0.158650                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1632                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1368                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          204                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.throttle2.link_utilization     1.138642                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         1240                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        20808                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          155                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          289                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.throttle5.link_utilization     0.150800                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2         1624                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::0          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2          203                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.throttle5.msg_count.Data::0            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.msg_bytes.Control::1         1360                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.msg_bytes.Control::2         3488                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.msg_bytes.Data::0        21960                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.msg_bytes.Data::2         2592                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.msg_count.Control::1          170                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.msg_count.Control::2          436                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.msg_count.Data::0          305                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.msg_count.Data::2           36                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.percent_links_utilized     0.253055                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers54.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time  2287.476812                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers54.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000121                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers54.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time 13567.437236                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers54.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000508                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers54.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  4245.583810                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers54.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000088                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers54.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  4079.413181                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers54.port_buffers0032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000122                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers54.port_buffers0032.avg_stall_time 13410.880618                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers54.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.throttle1.link_utilization     0.163608                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1728                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1368                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.throttle2.link_utilization     1.200615                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         1360                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        21888                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          170                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          304                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.throttle5.link_utilization     0.154105                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2         1760                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2         1224                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2          220                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.msg_bytes.Control::1         1240                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.msg_bytes.Control::2         3376                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.msg_bytes.Data::0        21888                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.msg_bytes.Data::2         2448                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.msg_count.Control::1          155                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.msg_count.Control::2          422                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.msg_count.Data::0          304                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.msg_count.Data::2           34                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.percent_links_utilized     0.299038                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers55.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time  3956.295484                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers55.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000122                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers55.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time 13921.421124                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers55.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000324                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers55.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  4194.588917                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers55.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000080                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers55.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  3996.317539                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers55.port_buffers0024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000113                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers55.port_buffers0024.avg_stall_time 14187.447095                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers55.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.throttle1.link_utilization     0.171457                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1736                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          217                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           20                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.throttle2.link_utilization     1.186981                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         1240                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        21744                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1          155                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          302                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.throttle4.link_utilization     0.136753                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2         1640                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2         1008                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2          205                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2           14                      
system.ruby.network.routers56.msg_bytes.Control::1          648                      
system.ruby.network.routers56.msg_bytes.Control::2         1680                      
system.ruby.network.routers56.msg_bytes.Data::0        10440                      
system.ruby.network.routers56.msg_bytes.Data::2         1080                      
system.ruby.network.routers56.msg_count.Control::1           81                      
system.ruby.network.routers56.msg_count.Control::2          210                      
system.ruby.network.routers56.msg_count.Data::0          145                      
system.ruby.network.routers56.msg_count.Data::2           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers56.percent_links_utilized     0.178391                      
system.ruby.network.routers56.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers56.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time   426.891759                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers56.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000116                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers56.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time  9804.393181                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers56.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000074                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers56.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  3496.824165                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers56.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000042                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers56.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  3218.540020                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers56.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers56.throttle1.link_utilization     0.146255                      
system.ruby.network.routers56.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1680                      
system.ruby.network.routers56.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers56.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1080                      
system.ruby.network.routers56.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          210                      
system.ruby.network.routers56.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers56.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers56.throttle2.link_utilization     0.567307                      
system.ruby.network.routers56.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1          648                      
system.ruby.network.routers56.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        10368                      
system.ruby.network.routers56.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1           81                      
system.ruby.network.routers56.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers56.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers57.msg_bytes.Control::1          680                      
system.ruby.network.routers57.msg_bytes.Control::2         1672                      
system.ruby.network.routers57.msg_bytes.Data::0        10152                      
system.ruby.network.routers57.msg_bytes.Data::2         1224                      
system.ruby.network.routers57.msg_count.Control::1           85                      
system.ruby.network.routers57.msg_count.Control::2          209                      
system.ruby.network.routers57.msg_count.Data::0          141                      
system.ruby.network.routers57.msg_count.Data::2           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers57.percent_links_utilized     0.141793                      
system.ruby.network.routers57.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000117                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers57.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time 10481.750370                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers57.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000073                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers57.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  3496.500616                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers57.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers57.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  3217.242211                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers57.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers57.throttle1.link_utilization     0.149560                      
system.ruby.network.routers57.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1672                      
system.ruby.network.routers57.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1224                      
system.ruby.network.routers57.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          209                      
system.ruby.network.routers57.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers57.throttle2.link_utilization     0.559406                      
system.ruby.network.routers57.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1          680                      
system.ruby.network.routers57.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        10152                      
system.ruby.network.routers57.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1           85                      
system.ruby.network.routers57.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          141                      
system.ruby.network.routers57.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers57.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers58.msg_bytes.Control::1          712                      
system.ruby.network.routers58.msg_bytes.Control::2         1872                      
system.ruby.network.routers58.msg_bytes.Data::0        12096                      
system.ruby.network.routers58.msg_bytes.Data::2         1368                      
system.ruby.network.routers58.msg_count.Control::1           89                      
system.ruby.network.routers58.msg_count.Control::2          234                      
system.ruby.network.routers58.msg_count.Data::0          168                      
system.ruby.network.routers58.msg_count.Data::2           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers58.percent_links_utilized     0.165756                      
system.ruby.network.routers58.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers58.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time  2062.419066                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers58.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000131                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers58.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time 12091.494471                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers58.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000106                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers58.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  3517.913167                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers58.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers58.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  3253.078358                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers58.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers58.throttle1.link_utilization     0.178481                      
system.ruby.network.routers58.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1872                      
system.ruby.network.routers58.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers58.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1368                      
system.ruby.network.routers58.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          234                      
system.ruby.network.routers58.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers58.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers58.throttle2.link_utilization     0.650299                      
system.ruby.network.routers58.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1          712                      
system.ruby.network.routers58.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        11880                      
system.ruby.network.routers58.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1           89                      
system.ruby.network.routers58.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          165                      
system.ruby.network.routers58.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers58.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers59.msg_bytes.Control::1          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers59.msg_bytes.Control::2         1544                      
system.ruby.network.routers59.msg_bytes.Data::0        10080                      
system.ruby.network.routers59.msg_bytes.Data::2         1296                      
system.ruby.network.routers59.msg_count.Control::1           73                      
system.ruby.network.routers59.msg_count.Control::2          193                      
system.ruby.network.routers59.msg_count.Data::0          140                      
system.ruby.network.routers59.msg_count.Data::2           18                      
system.ruby.network.routers59.percent_links_utilized     0.139480                      
system.ruby.network.routers59.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers59.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time  7001.912457                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers59.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000109                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers59.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time 11829.477863                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers59.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000138                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers59.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  3730.219780                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers59.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000038                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers59.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  3065.140128                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers59.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers59.throttle1.link_utilization     0.150387                      
system.ruby.network.routers59.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1544                      
system.ruby.network.routers59.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers59.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1296                      
system.ruby.network.routers59.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          193                      
system.ruby.network.routers59.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers59.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           18                      
system.ruby.network.routers59.throttle2.link_utilization     0.547011                      
system.ruby.network.routers59.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers59.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        10008                      
system.ruby.network.routers59.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1           73                      
system.ruby.network.routers59.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          139                      
system.ruby.network.routers59.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers59.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers60.msg_bytes.Control::1          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers60.msg_bytes.Control::2         1712                      
system.ruby.network.routers60.msg_bytes.Data::0        11448                      
system.ruby.network.routers60.msg_bytes.Data::2         1080                      
system.ruby.network.routers60.msg_count.Control::1           73                      
system.ruby.network.routers60.msg_count.Control::2          214                      
system.ruby.network.routers60.msg_count.Data::0          159                      
system.ruby.network.routers60.msg_count.Data::2           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers60.percent_links_utilized     0.153114                      
system.ruby.network.routers60.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers60.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time  2836.577904                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers60.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000118                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers60.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time 12776.993564                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers60.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000136                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers60.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  3501.048885                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers60.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000038                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers60.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  3418.496536                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers60.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers60.throttle1.link_utilization     0.151626                      
system.ruby.network.routers60.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1712                      
system.ruby.network.routers60.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers60.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1080                      
system.ruby.network.routers60.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          214                      
system.ruby.network.routers60.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers60.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers60.throttle2.link_utilization     0.613941                      
system.ruby.network.routers60.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers60.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        11304                      
system.ruby.network.routers60.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1           73                      
system.ruby.network.routers60.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          157                      
system.ruby.network.routers60.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers60.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers61.msg_bytes.Control::1          608                      
system.ruby.network.routers61.msg_bytes.Control::2         1624                      
system.ruby.network.routers61.msg_bytes.Data::0        10512                      
system.ruby.network.routers61.msg_bytes.Data::2         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers61.msg_count.Control::1           76                      
system.ruby.network.routers61.msg_count.Control::2          203                      
system.ruby.network.routers61.msg_count.Data::0          146                      
system.ruby.network.routers61.msg_count.Data::2           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers61.percent_links_utilized     0.143528                      
system.ruby.network.routers61.port_buffers0003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers61.port_buffers0003.avg_stall_time  2083.041211                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers61.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000113                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers61.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time 14513.860159                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers61.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000099                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers61.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  3501.658799                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers61.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000039                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers61.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  3383.002013                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers61.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers61.throttle1.link_utilization     0.150800                      
system.ruby.network.routers61.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1624                      
system.ruby.network.routers61.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::0          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers61.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers61.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          203                      
system.ruby.network.routers61.throttle1.msg_count.Data::0            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers61.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers61.throttle2.link_utilization     0.566842                      
system.ruby.network.routers61.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1          608                      
system.ruby.network.routers61.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        10368                      
system.ruby.network.routers61.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1           76                      
system.ruby.network.routers61.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers61.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers61.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers62.msg_bytes.Control::1          704                      
system.ruby.network.routers62.msg_bytes.Control::2         1760                      
system.ruby.network.routers62.msg_bytes.Data::0        10800                      
system.ruby.network.routers62.msg_bytes.Data::2         1224                      
system.ruby.network.routers62.msg_count.Control::1           88                      
system.ruby.network.routers62.msg_count.Control::2          220                      
system.ruby.network.routers62.msg_count.Data::0          150                      
system.ruby.network.routers62.msg_count.Data::2           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers62.percent_links_utilized     0.149643                      
system.ruby.network.routers62.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000122                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers62.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time 14410.698316                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers62.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000082                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers62.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  3508.109884                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers62.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers62.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  3381.671668                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers62.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers62.throttle1.link_utilization     0.154105                      
system.ruby.network.routers62.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1760                      
system.ruby.network.routers62.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1224                      
system.ruby.network.routers62.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          220                      
system.ruby.network.routers62.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers62.throttle2.link_utilization     0.594110                      
system.ruby.network.routers62.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1          704                      
system.ruby.network.routers62.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        10800                      
system.ruby.network.routers62.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1           88                      
system.ruby.network.routers62.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          150                      
system.ruby.network.routers62.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers62.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers63.msg_bytes.Control::1          568                      
system.ruby.network.routers63.msg_bytes.Control::2         1640                      
system.ruby.network.routers63.msg_bytes.Data::0        10656                      
system.ruby.network.routers63.msg_bytes.Data::2         1008                      
system.ruby.network.routers63.msg_count.Control::1           71                      
system.ruby.network.routers63.msg_count.Control::2          205                      
system.ruby.network.routers63.msg_count.Data::0          148                      
system.ruby.network.routers63.msg_count.Data::2           14                      
system.ruby.network.routers63.percent_links_utilized     0.179101                      
system.ruby.network.routers63.port_buffers0005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000113                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers63.port_buffers0005.avg_stall_time 15187.072678                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers63.port_buffers0006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000076                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers63.port_buffers0006.avg_stall_time  3498.523246                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers63.port_buffers0007.avg_buf_msgs     0.000037                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers63.port_buffers0007.avg_stall_time  3416.455831                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers63.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers63.throttle1.link_utilization     0.136753                      
system.ruby.network.routers63.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2         1640                      
system.ruby.network.routers63.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2         1008                      
system.ruby.network.routers63.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2          205                      
system.ruby.network.routers63.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2           14                      
system.ruby.network.routers63.throttle2.link_utilization     0.579650                      
system.ruby.network.routers63.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1          568                      
system.ruby.network.routers63.throttle2.msg_bytes.Data::0        10656                      
system.ruby.network.routers63.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1           71                      
system.ruby.network.routers63.throttle2.msg_count.Data::0          148                      
system.ruby.network.routers63.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples       751174                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000043                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000030                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.006527                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      751142    100.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total       751174                      
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus00.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus00.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus00.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus00.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus00.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus00.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus00.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus00.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus00.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus00.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus00.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus01.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus01.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus01.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus01.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus01.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus01.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus01.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus01.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus01.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus01.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus01.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus02.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus02.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus02.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus02.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus02.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus02.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus02.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus02.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus02.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus02.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus02.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus03.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus03.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus03.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus03.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus03.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus03.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus03.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus03.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus03.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus03.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus03.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus04.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus04.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus04.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus04.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus04.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus04.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus04.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus04.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus04.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus04.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus04.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus05.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus05.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus05.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus05.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus05.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus05.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus05.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus05.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus05.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus05.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus05.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus06.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus06.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus06.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus06.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus06.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus06.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus06.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus06.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus06.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus06.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus06.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus07.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus07.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus07.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus07.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus07.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus07.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus07.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus07.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus07.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus07.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus07.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus08.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus08.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus08.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus08.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus08.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus08.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus08.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus08.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus08.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus08.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus08.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus09.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus09.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus09.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus09.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus09.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus09.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus09.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus09.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus09.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus09.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus09.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus10.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus10.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus10.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus10.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus10.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus10.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus10.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus10.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus10.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus10.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus10.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus11.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus11.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus11.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus11.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus11.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus11.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus11.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus11.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus11.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus11.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus11.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus12.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus12.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus12.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus12.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus12.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus12.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus12.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus12.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus12.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus12.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus12.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus13.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus13.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus13.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus13.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus13.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus13.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus13.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus13.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus13.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus13.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus13.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus14.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus14.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus14.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus14.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus14.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus14.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus14.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus14.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus14.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus14.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus14.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus15.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus15.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus15.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus15.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus15.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus15.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus15.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus15.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus15.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus15.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus15.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus16.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus16.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus16.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus16.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus16.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus16.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus16.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus16.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus16.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus16.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus16.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus16.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus16.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus16.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus16.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus16.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus16.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus16.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus16.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus16.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus16.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus16.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus16.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus16.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus16.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus16.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus16.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus16.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus16.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus16.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus16.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus16.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus16.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus17.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus17.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus17.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus17.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus17.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus17.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus17.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus17.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus17.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus17.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus17.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus17.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus17.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus17.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus17.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus17.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus17.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus17.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus17.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus17.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus17.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus17.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus17.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus17.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus17.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus17.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus17.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus17.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus17.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus17.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus17.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus17.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus17.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus18.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus18.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus18.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus18.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus18.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus18.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus18.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus18.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus18.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus18.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus18.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus18.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus18.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus18.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus18.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus18.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus18.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus18.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus18.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus18.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus18.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus18.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus18.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus18.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus18.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus18.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus18.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus18.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus18.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus18.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus18.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus18.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus18.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus19.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus19.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus19.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus19.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus19.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus19.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus19.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus19.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus19.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus19.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus19.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus19.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus19.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus19.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus19.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus19.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus19.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus19.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus19.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus19.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus19.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus19.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus19.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus19.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus19.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus19.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus19.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus19.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus19.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus19.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus19.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus19.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus19.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus20.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus20.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus20.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus20.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus20.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus20.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus20.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus20.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus20.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus20.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus20.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus20.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus20.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus20.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus20.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus20.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus20.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus20.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus20.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus20.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus20.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus20.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus20.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus20.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus20.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus20.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus20.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus20.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus20.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus20.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus20.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus20.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus20.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus21.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus21.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus21.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus21.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus21.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus21.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus21.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus21.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus21.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus21.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus21.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus21.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus21.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus21.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus21.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus21.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus21.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus21.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus21.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus21.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus21.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus21.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus21.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus21.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus21.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus21.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus21.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus21.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus21.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus21.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus21.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus21.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus21.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus22.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus22.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus22.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus22.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus22.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus22.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus22.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus22.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus22.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus22.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus22.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus22.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus22.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus22.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus22.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus22.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus22.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus22.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus22.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus22.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus22.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus22.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus22.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus22.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus22.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus22.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus22.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus22.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus22.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus22.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus22.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus22.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus22.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus23.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus23.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus23.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus23.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus23.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus23.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus23.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus23.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus23.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus23.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus23.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus23.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus23.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus23.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus23.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus23.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus23.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus23.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus23.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus23.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus23.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus23.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus23.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus23.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus23.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus23.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus23.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus23.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus23.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus23.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus23.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus23.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus23.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus24.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus24.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus24.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus24.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus24.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus24.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus24.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus24.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus24.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus24.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus24.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus24.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus24.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus24.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus24.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus24.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus24.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus24.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus24.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus24.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus24.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus24.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus24.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus24.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus24.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus24.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus24.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus24.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus24.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus24.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus24.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus24.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus24.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus25.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus25.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus25.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus25.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus25.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus25.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus25.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus25.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus25.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus25.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus25.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus25.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus25.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus25.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus25.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus25.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus25.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus25.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus25.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus25.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus25.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus25.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus25.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus25.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus25.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus25.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus25.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus25.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus25.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus25.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus25.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus25.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus25.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus26.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus26.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus26.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus26.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus26.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus26.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus26.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus26.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus26.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus26.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus26.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus26.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus26.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus26.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus26.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus26.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus26.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus26.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus26.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus26.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus26.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus26.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus26.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus26.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus26.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus26.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus26.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus26.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus26.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus26.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus26.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus26.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus26.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus27.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus27.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus27.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus27.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus27.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus27.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus27.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus27.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus27.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus27.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus27.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus27.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus27.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus27.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus27.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus27.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus27.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus27.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus27.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus27.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus27.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus27.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus27.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus27.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus27.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus27.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus27.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus27.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus27.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus27.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus27.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus27.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus27.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus28.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus28.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus28.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus28.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus28.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus28.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus28.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus28.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus28.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus28.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus28.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus28.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus28.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus28.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus28.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus28.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus28.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus28.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus28.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus28.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus28.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus28.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus28.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus28.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus28.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus28.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus28.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus28.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus28.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus28.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus28.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus28.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus28.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus29.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus29.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus29.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus29.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus29.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus29.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus29.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus29.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus29.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus29.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus29.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus29.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus29.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus29.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus29.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus29.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus29.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus29.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus29.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus29.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus29.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus29.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus29.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus29.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus29.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus29.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus29.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus29.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus29.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus29.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus29.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus29.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus29.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus30.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus30.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus30.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus30.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus30.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus30.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus30.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus30.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus30.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus30.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus30.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus30.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus30.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus30.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus30.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus30.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus30.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus30.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus30.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus30.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus30.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus30.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus30.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus30.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus30.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus30.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus30.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus30.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus30.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus30.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus30.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus30.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus30.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus31.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus31.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus31.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus31.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus31.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus31.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus31.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus31.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus31.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus31.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus31.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus31.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus31.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus31.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus31.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus31.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus31.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus31.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus31.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus31.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus31.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus31.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus31.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus31.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus31.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus31.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus31.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus31.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus31.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus31.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus31.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus31.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus31.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus32.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus32.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus32.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus32.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus32.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus32.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus32.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus32.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus32.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus32.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus32.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus32.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus32.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus32.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus32.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus32.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus32.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus32.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus32.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus32.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus32.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus32.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus32.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus32.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus32.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus32.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus32.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus32.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus32.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus32.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus32.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus32.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus32.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus33.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus33.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus33.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus33.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus33.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus33.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus33.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus33.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus33.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus33.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus33.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus33.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus33.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus33.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus33.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus33.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus33.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus33.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus33.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus33.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus33.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus33.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus33.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus33.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus33.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus33.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus33.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus33.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus33.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus33.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus33.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus33.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus33.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus34.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus34.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus34.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus34.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus34.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus34.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus34.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus34.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus34.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus34.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus34.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus34.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus34.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus34.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus34.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus34.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus34.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus34.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus34.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus34.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus34.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus34.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus34.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus34.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus34.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus34.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus34.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus34.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus34.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus34.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus34.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus34.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus34.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus35.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus35.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus35.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus35.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus35.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus35.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus35.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus35.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus35.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus35.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus35.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus35.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus35.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus35.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus35.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus35.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus35.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus35.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus35.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus35.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus35.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus35.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus35.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus35.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus35.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus35.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus35.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus35.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus35.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus35.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus35.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus35.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus35.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus36.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus36.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus36.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus36.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus36.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus36.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus36.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus36.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus36.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus36.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus36.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus36.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus36.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus36.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus36.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus36.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus36.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus36.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus36.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus36.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus36.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus36.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus36.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus36.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus36.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus36.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus36.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus36.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus36.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus36.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus36.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus36.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus36.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus37.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus37.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus37.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus37.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus37.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus37.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus37.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus37.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus37.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus37.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus37.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus37.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus37.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus37.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus37.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus37.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus37.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus37.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus37.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus37.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus37.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus37.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus37.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus37.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus37.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus37.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus37.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus37.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus37.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus37.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus37.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus37.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus37.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus38.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus38.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus38.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus38.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus38.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus38.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus38.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus38.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus38.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus38.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus38.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus38.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus38.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus38.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus38.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus38.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus38.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus38.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus38.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus38.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus38.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus38.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus38.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus38.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus38.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus38.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus38.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus38.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus38.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus38.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus38.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus38.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus38.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus39.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus39.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus39.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus39.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus39.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus39.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus39.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus39.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus39.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus39.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus39.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus39.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus39.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus39.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus39.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus39.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus39.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus39.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus39.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus39.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus39.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus39.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus39.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus39.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus39.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus39.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus39.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus39.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus39.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus39.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus39.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus39.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus39.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus40.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus40.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus40.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus40.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus40.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus40.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus40.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus40.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus40.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus40.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus40.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus40.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus40.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus40.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus40.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus40.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus40.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus40.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus40.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus40.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus40.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus40.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus40.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus40.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus40.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus40.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus40.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus40.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus40.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus40.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus40.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus40.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus40.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus41.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus41.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus41.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus41.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus41.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus41.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus41.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus41.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus41.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus41.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus41.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus41.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus41.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus41.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus41.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus41.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus41.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus41.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus41.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus41.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus41.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus41.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus41.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus41.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus41.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus41.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus41.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus41.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus41.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus41.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus41.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus41.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus41.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus42.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus42.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus42.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus42.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus42.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus42.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus42.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus42.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus42.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus42.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus42.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus42.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus42.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus42.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus42.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus42.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus42.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus42.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus42.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus42.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus42.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus42.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus42.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus42.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus42.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus42.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus42.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus42.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus42.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus42.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus42.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus42.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus42.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus43.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus43.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus43.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus43.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus43.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus43.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus43.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus43.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus43.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus43.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus43.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus43.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus43.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus43.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus43.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus43.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus43.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus43.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus43.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus43.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus43.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus43.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus43.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus43.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus43.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus43.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus43.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus43.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus43.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus43.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus43.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus43.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus43.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus44.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus44.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus44.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus44.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus44.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus44.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus44.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus44.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus44.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus44.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus44.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus44.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus44.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus44.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus44.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus44.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus44.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus44.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus44.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus44.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus44.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus44.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus44.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus44.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus44.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus44.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus44.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus44.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus44.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus44.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus44.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus44.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus44.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus45.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus45.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus45.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus45.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus45.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus45.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus45.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus45.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus45.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus45.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus45.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus45.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus45.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus45.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus45.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus45.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus45.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus45.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus45.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus45.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus45.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus45.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus45.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus45.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus45.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus45.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus45.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus45.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus45.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus45.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus45.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus45.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus45.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus46.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus46.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus46.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus46.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus46.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus46.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus46.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus46.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus46.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus46.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus46.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus46.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus46.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus46.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus46.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus46.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus46.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus46.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus46.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus46.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus46.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus46.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus46.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus46.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus46.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus46.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus46.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus46.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus46.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus46.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus46.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus46.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus46.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus47.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus47.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus47.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus47.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus47.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus47.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus47.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus47.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus47.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus47.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus47.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus47.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus47.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus47.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus47.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus47.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus47.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus47.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus47.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus47.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus47.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus47.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus47.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus47.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus47.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus47.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus47.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus47.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus47.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus47.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus47.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus47.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus47.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus48.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus48.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus48.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus48.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus48.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus48.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus48.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus48.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus48.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus48.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus48.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus48.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus48.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus48.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus48.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus48.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus48.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus48.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus48.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus48.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus48.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus48.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus48.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus48.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus48.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus48.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus48.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus48.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus48.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus48.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus48.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus48.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus48.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus49.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus49.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus49.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus49.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus49.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus49.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus49.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus49.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus49.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus49.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus49.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus49.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus49.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus49.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus49.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus49.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus49.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus49.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus49.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus49.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus49.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus49.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus49.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus49.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus49.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus49.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus49.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus49.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus49.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus49.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus49.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus49.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus49.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus50.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus50.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus50.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus50.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus50.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus50.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus50.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus50.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus50.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus50.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus50.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus50.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus50.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus50.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus50.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus50.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus50.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus50.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus50.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus50.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus50.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus50.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus50.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus50.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus50.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus50.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus50.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus50.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus50.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus50.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus50.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus50.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus50.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus51.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus51.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus51.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus51.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus51.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus51.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus51.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus51.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus51.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus51.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus51.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus51.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus51.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus51.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus51.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus51.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus51.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus51.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus51.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus51.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus51.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus51.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus51.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus51.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus51.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus51.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus51.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus51.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus51.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus51.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus51.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus51.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus51.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus52.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus52.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus52.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus52.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus52.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus52.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus52.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus52.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus52.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus52.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus52.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus52.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus52.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus52.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus52.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus52.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus52.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus52.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus52.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus52.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus52.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus52.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus52.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus52.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus52.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus52.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus52.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus52.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus52.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus52.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus52.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus52.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus52.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus53.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus53.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus53.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus53.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus53.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus53.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus53.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus53.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus53.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus53.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus53.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus53.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus53.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus53.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus53.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus53.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus53.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus53.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus53.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus53.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus53.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus53.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus53.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus53.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus53.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus53.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus53.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus53.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus53.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus53.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus53.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus53.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus53.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus54.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus54.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus54.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus54.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus54.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus54.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus54.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus54.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus54.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus54.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus54.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus54.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus54.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus54.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus54.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus54.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus54.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus54.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus54.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus54.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus54.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus54.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus54.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus54.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus54.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus54.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus54.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus54.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus54.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus54.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus54.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus54.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus54.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus55.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus55.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus55.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus55.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus55.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus55.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus55.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus55.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus55.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus55.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus55.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus55.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus55.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus55.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus55.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus55.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus55.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus55.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus55.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus55.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus55.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus55.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus55.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus55.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus55.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus55.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus55.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus55.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus55.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus55.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus55.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus55.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus55.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus56.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus56.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus56.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus56.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus56.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus56.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus56.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus56.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus56.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus56.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus56.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus56.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus56.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus56.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus56.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus56.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus56.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus56.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus56.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus56.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus56.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus56.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus56.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus56.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus56.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus56.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus56.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus56.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus56.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus56.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus56.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus56.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus56.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus57.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus57.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus57.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus57.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus57.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus57.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus57.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus57.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus57.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus57.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus57.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus57.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus57.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus57.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus57.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus57.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus57.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus57.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus57.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus57.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus57.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus57.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus57.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus57.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus57.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus57.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus57.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus57.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus57.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus57.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus57.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus57.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus57.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus58.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus58.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus58.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus58.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus58.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus58.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus58.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus58.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus58.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus58.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus58.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus58.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus58.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus58.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus58.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus58.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus58.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus58.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus58.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus58.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus58.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus58.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus58.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus58.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus58.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus58.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus58.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus58.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus58.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus58.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus58.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus58.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus58.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus59.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus59.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus59.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus59.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus59.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus59.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus59.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus59.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus59.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus59.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus59.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus59.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus59.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus59.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus59.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus59.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus59.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus59.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus59.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus59.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus59.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus59.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus59.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus59.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus59.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus59.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus59.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus59.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus59.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus59.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus59.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus59.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus59.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus60.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus60.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus60.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus60.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus60.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus60.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus60.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus60.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus60.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus60.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus60.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus60.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus60.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus60.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus60.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus60.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus60.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus60.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus60.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus60.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus60.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus60.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus60.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus60.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus60.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus60.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus60.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus60.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus60.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus60.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus60.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus60.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus60.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus61.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus61.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus61.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus61.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus61.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus61.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus61.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus61.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus61.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus61.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus61.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus61.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus61.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus61.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus61.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus61.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus61.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus61.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus61.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus61.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus61.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus61.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus61.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus61.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus61.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus61.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus61.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus61.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus61.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus61.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus61.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus61.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus61.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus62.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus62.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus62.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus62.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus62.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus62.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus62.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus62.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus62.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus62.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus62.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus62.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus62.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus62.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus62.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus62.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus62.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus62.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus62.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus62.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus62.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus62.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus62.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus62.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus62.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus62.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus62.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus62.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus62.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus62.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus62.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus62.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus62.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus63.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus63.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus63.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus63.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus63.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus63.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus63.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus63.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus63.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus63.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus63.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus63.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus63.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus63.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus63.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus63.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus63.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus63.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus63.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus63.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus63.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus63.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus63.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus63.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus63.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus63.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus63.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus63.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus63.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus63.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus63.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus63.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus63.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.mem_ctrls34.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl34        10368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls34.bytes_read::total            10368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls34.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl34         1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls34.bytes_written::total          1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls34.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl34          162                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls34.num_reads::total               162                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls34.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl34           20                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls34.num_writes::total               20                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls34.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl34     10708858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls34.bw_read::total            10708858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls34.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl34      1322081                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls34.bw_write::total            1322081                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls34.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl34     12030939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls34.bw_total::total           12030939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls34.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl34::samples       176.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls34.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls34.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000046250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls34.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls34.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls34.numStayReadState               582                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls34.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls34.readReqs                       162                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls34.writeReqs                       20                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls34.readBursts                     162                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls34.writeBursts                     20                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls34.servicedByWrQ                    5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls34.mergedWrBursts                   1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls34.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::0               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::3               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::4               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::5               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::8              54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::9              58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::10             16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::11             10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::12              7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::13              1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls34.avgWrQLen                     8.75                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls34.totQLat                    1410750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls34.totBusLat                   785000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls34.totMemAccLat               4354500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls34.avgQLat                    8985.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls34.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls34.avgMemAccLat              27735.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls34.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls34.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls34.readRowHits                     59                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls34.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls34.readRowHitRate               37.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls34.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls34.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.readPktSize::6                 162                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.writePktSize::6                 20                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::0                   155                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::1                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.bytesPerActivate::samples           97                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls34.bytesPerActivate::mean   102.927835                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls34.bytesPerActivate::gmean    85.899088                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls34.bytesPerActivate::stdev    85.444944                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls34.bytesPerActivate::64-95           68     70.10%     70.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls34.bytesPerActivate::128-159           20     20.62%     90.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls34.bytesPerActivate::192-223            2      2.06%     92.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls34.bytesPerActivate::320-351            2      2.06%     94.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls34.bytesPerActivate::384-415            3      3.09%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls34.bytesPerActivate::448-479            2      2.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls34.bytesPerActivate::total           97                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls34.bytesReadDRAM                10048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls34.bytesReadWrQ                   320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls34.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls34.bytesReadSys                 10368                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls34.bytesWrittenSys               1280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls34.avgRdBW                      10.38                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls34.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls34.avgRdBWSys                   10.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls34.avgWrBWSys                    1.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls34.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls34.busUtil                       0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls34.busUtilRead                   0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls34.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls34.totGap                   962423000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls34.avgGap                  5288038.46                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls34.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl34        10048                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls34.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl34 10378337.286665933207                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls34.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl34          162                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls34.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl34           20                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls34.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl34      4354500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls34.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl34     26879.63                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls34.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl34         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls34.pageHitRate                  33.52                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls34.rank1.actEnergy             628320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank1.preEnergy             330165                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank1.readEnergy           1042440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank1.actBackEnergy      158298120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank1.preBackEnergy      238474080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank1.totalEnergy        474988485                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank1.averagePower      490.604170                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls34.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    618368316                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    317562184                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34.rank0.actEnergy              71400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank0.preEnergy              37950                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank0.readEnergy             78540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank0.actBackEnergy       26110560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank0.preBackEnergy      349789920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank0.totalEnergy        452303730                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank0.averagePower      467.173633                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls34.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    909060508                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     26869992                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls61.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl61         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls61.bytes_read::total             9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls61.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl61         1152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls61.bytes_written::total          1152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls61.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl61          144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls61.num_reads::total               144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls61.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl61           18                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls61.num_writes::total               18                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls61.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl61      9518985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls61.bw_read::total             9518985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls61.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl61      1189873                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls61.bw_write::total            1189873                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls61.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl61     10708858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls61.bw_total::total           10708858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls61.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl61::samples       138.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls61.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls61.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000048250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls61.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls61.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls61.numStayReadState               506                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls61.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls61.readReqs                       144                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls61.writeReqs                       18                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls61.readBursts                     144                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls61.writeBursts                     18                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls61.servicedByWrQ                   24                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls61.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls61.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::0               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::3               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::4               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::8              66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::9              21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::10              6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::11              7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::12              6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::13              2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls61.avgWrQLen                     7.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls61.totQLat                    1225750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls61.totBusLat                   600000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls61.totMemAccLat               3475750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls61.avgQLat                   10214.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls61.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls61.avgMemAccLat              28964.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls61.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls61.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls61.readRowHits                     32                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls61.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls61.readRowHitRate               26.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls61.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls61.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.readPktSize::6                 144                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.writePktSize::6                 18                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::0                   119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.bytesPerActivate::samples           87                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls61.bytesPerActivate::mean    87.540230                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls61.bytesPerActivate::gmean    79.253920                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls61.bytesPerActivate::stdev    48.911597                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls61.bytesPerActivate::64-95           66     75.86%     75.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls61.bytesPerActivate::128-159           13     14.94%     90.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls61.bytesPerActivate::192-223            6      6.90%     97.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls61.bytesPerActivate::256-287            1      1.15%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls61.bytesPerActivate::320-351            1      1.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls61.bytesPerActivate::total           87                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls61.bytesReadDRAM                 7680                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls61.bytesReadWrQ                  1536                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls61.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls61.bytesReadSys                  9216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls61.bytesWrittenSys               1152                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls61.avgRdBW                       7.93                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls61.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls61.avgRdBWSys                    9.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls61.avgWrBWSys                    1.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls61.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls61.busUtil                       0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls61.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls61.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls61.totGap                   965443500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls61.avgGap                  5959527.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls61.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl61         7680                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls61.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl61 7932487.098088610917                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls61.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl61          144                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls61.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl61           18                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls61.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl61      3475750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls61.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl61     24137.15                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls61.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl61         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls61.pageHitRate                  23.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls61.rank1.actEnergy             556920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank1.preEnergy             292215                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank1.readEnergy            771120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank1.actBackEnergy      142152300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank1.preBackEnergy      252070560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank1.totalEnergy        472058475                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank1.averagePower      487.577834                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls61.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    653760818                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    282169682                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61.rank0.actEnergy              71400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank0.preEnergy              37950                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank0.readEnergy             85680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank0.actBackEnergy       28085040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank0.preBackEnergy      348127200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank0.totalEnergy        452622630                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank0.averagePower      467.503017                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls61.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    904730009                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     31200491                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls60.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl60        10048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls60.bytes_read::total            10048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls60.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl60         1088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls60.bytes_written::total          1088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls60.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl60          157                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls60.num_reads::total               157                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls60.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl60           17                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls60.num_writes::total               17                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls60.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl60     10378337                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls60.bw_read::total            10378337                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls60.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl60      1123769                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls60.bw_write::total            1123769                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls60.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl60     11502106                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls60.bw_total::total           11502106                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls60.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl60::samples       147.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls60.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls60.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000551498                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls60.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls60.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls60.numStayReadState               525                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls60.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls60.readReqs                       157                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls60.writeReqs                       17                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls60.readBursts                     157                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls60.writeBursts                     17                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls60.servicedByWrQ                   27                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls60.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls60.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::0               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::3               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::4               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::5               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::8              61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::9              37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::10              6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::11              5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::12              6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::13              2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.avgRdQLen                     0.99                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls60.avgWrQLen                     8.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls60.totQLat                    1679497                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls60.totBusLat                   650000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls60.totMemAccLat               4116997                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls60.avgQLat                   12919.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls60.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls60.avgMemAccLat              31669.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls60.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls60.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls60.readRowHits                     47                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls60.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls60.readRowHitRate               36.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls60.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls60.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.readPktSize::6                 157                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.writePktSize::6                 17                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::0                   130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.bytesPerActivate::samples           82                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls60.bytesPerActivate::mean   100.682927                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls60.bytesPerActivate::gmean    88.231134                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls60.bytesPerActivate::stdev    62.018093                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls60.bytesPerActivate::64-95           53     64.63%     64.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls60.bytesPerActivate::128-159           19     23.17%     87.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls60.bytesPerActivate::192-223            4      4.88%     92.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls60.bytesPerActivate::256-287            4      4.88%     97.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls60.bytesPerActivate::320-351            2      2.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls60.bytesPerActivate::total           82                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls60.bytesReadDRAM                 8320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls60.bytesReadWrQ                  1728                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls60.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls60.bytesReadSys                 10048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls60.bytesWrittenSys               1088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls60.avgRdBW                       8.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls60.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls60.avgRdBWSys                   10.38                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls60.avgWrBWSys                    1.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls60.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls60.busUtil                       0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls60.busUtilRead                   0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls60.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls60.totGap                   961168500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls60.avgGap                  5523956.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls60.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl60         8320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls60.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl60 8593527.689595995471                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls60.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl60          157                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls60.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl60           17                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls60.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl60      4116997                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls60.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl60     26222.91                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls60.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl60         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls60.pageHitRate                  31.97                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls60.rank1.actEnergy             528360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank1.preEnergy             277035                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank1.readEnergy            835380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank1.actBackEnergy      148030710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank1.preBackEnergy      247120320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank1.totalEnergy        473007165                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank1.averagePower      488.557713                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls60.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    640899063                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    295031437                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60.rank0.actEnergy              64260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank0.preEnergy              34155                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank0.readEnergy             92820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank0.actBackEnergy       32270550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank0.preBackEnergy      344602560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank0.totalEnergy        453279705                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank0.averagePower      468.181694                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls60.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    895567259                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     40363241                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls63.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl63         9472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls63.bytes_read::total             9472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls63.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl63          896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls63.bytes_written::total           896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls63.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl63          148                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls63.num_reads::total               148                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls63.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl63           14                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls63.num_writes::total               14                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls63.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl63      9783401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls63.bw_read::total             9783401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls63.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl63       925457                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls63.bw_write::total             925457                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls63.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl63     10708858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls63.bw_total::total           10708858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls63.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl63::samples       124.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls63.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls63.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000425998                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls63.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls63.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls63.numStayReadState               482                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls63.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls63.readReqs                       148                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls63.writeReqs                       14                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls63.readBursts                     148                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls63.writeBursts                     14                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls63.servicedByWrQ                   38                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls63.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls63.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::0               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::3               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::4               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::5               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::8              67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::9               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::10              9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::11              5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::12              6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::13              1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls63.avgWrQLen                     7.18                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls63.totQLat                    1587997                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls63.totBusLat                   550000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls63.totMemAccLat               3650497                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls63.avgQLat                   14436.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls63.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls63.avgMemAccLat              33186.34                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls63.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls63.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls63.readRowHits                     25                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls63.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls63.readRowHitRate               22.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls63.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls63.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.readPktSize::6                 148                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.writePktSize::6                 14                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::0                   110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.bytesPerActivate::samples           85                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls63.bytesPerActivate::mean    82.823529                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls63.bytesPerActivate::gmean    77.155852                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls63.bytesPerActivate::stdev    36.716798                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls63.bytesPerActivate::64-79           65     76.47%     76.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls63.bytesPerActivate::128-143           15     17.65%     94.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls63.bytesPerActivate::192-207            5      5.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls63.bytesPerActivate::total           85                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls63.bytesReadDRAM                 7040                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls63.bytesReadWrQ                  2432                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls63.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls63.bytesReadSys                  9472                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls63.bytesWrittenSys                896                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls63.avgRdBW                       7.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls63.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls63.avgRdBWSys                    9.78                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls63.avgWrBWSys                    0.93                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls63.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls63.busUtil                       0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls63.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls63.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls63.totGap                   965171500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls63.avgGap                  5957848.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls63.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl63         7040                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls63.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl63 7271446.506581227295                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls63.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl63          148                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls63.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl63           14                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls63.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl63      3650497                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls63.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl63     24665.52                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls63.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl63         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls63.pageHitRate                  20.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls63.rank1.actEnergy             521220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank1.preEnergy             277035                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank1.readEnergy            678300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank1.actBackEnergy      135736380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank1.preBackEnergy      257473440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank1.totalEnergy        470901735                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank1.averagePower      486.383065                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls63.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    667832815                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    268097685                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63.rank0.actEnergy              85680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank0.preEnergy              45540                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank0.readEnergy            107100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank0.actBackEnergy       35227710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank0.preBackEnergy      342112320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank0.totalEnergy        453793710                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank0.averagePower      468.712598                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls63.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    889037761                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     46892739                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls35.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl35         9920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls35.bytes_read::total             9920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls35.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl35         1088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls35.bytes_written::total          1088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls35.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl35          155                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls35.num_reads::total               155                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls35.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl35           17                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls35.num_writes::total               17                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls35.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl35     10246129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls35.bw_read::total            10246129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls35.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl35      1123769                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls35.bw_write::total            1123769                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls35.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl35     11369898                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls35.bw_total::total           11369898                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls35.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl35::samples       163.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls35.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls35.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000544998                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls35.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls35.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls35.numStayReadState               559                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls35.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls35.readReqs                       155                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls35.writeReqs                       17                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls35.readBursts                     155                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls35.writeBursts                     17                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls35.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls35.mergedWrBursts                   1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls35.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::0               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::3               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::4               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::5               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::8              57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::9              25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::10             25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::11             21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::12              6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::13              1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls35.avgWrQLen                     8.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls35.totQLat                    1964998                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls35.totBusLat                   735000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls35.totMemAccLat               4721248                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls35.avgQLat                   13367.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls35.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls35.avgMemAccLat              32117.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls35.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls35.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls35.readRowHits                     46                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls35.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls35.readRowHitRate               31.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls35.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls35.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.readPktSize::6                 155                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.writePktSize::6                 17                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::0                   146                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.bytesPerActivate::samples          100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls35.bytesPerActivate::mean    93.440000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls35.bytesPerActivate::gmean    86.675291                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls35.bytesPerActivate::stdev    39.041113                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls35.bytesPerActivate::64-95           59     59.00%     59.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls35.bytesPerActivate::128-159           37     37.00%     96.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls35.bytesPerActivate::192-223            3      3.00%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls35.bytesPerActivate::256-287            1      1.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls35.bytesPerActivate::total          100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls35.bytesReadDRAM                 9408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls35.bytesReadWrQ                   512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls35.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls35.bytesReadSys                  9920                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls35.bytesWrittenSys               1088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls35.avgRdBW                       9.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls35.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls35.avgRdBWSys                   10.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls35.avgWrBWSys                    1.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls35.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls35.busUtil                       0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls35.busUtilRead                   0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls35.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls35.totGap                   965163000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls35.avgGap                  5611412.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls35.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl35         9408                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls35.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl35 9717296.695158548653                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls35.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl35          155                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls35.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl35           17                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls35.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl35      4721248                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls35.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl35     30459.66                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls35.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl35         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls35.pageHitRate                  28.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls35.rank1.actEnergy             649740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank1.preEnergy             341550                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank1.readEnergy            963900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank1.actBackEnergy      140922240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank1.preBackEnergy      253106400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank1.totalEnergy        472199190                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank1.averagePower      487.723175                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls35.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    656552059                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    279378441                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35.rank0.actEnergy              71400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank0.preEnergy              37950                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank0.readEnergy             85680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank0.actBackEnergy       29583570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank0.preBackEnergy      346865280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank0.totalEnergy        452859240                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank0.averagePower      467.747406                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls35.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    901446507                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     34483993                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus25.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus25.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus25.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus25.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus24.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus24.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus24.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus24.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus27.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus27.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus27.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus27.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus26.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus26.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus26.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus26.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus21.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus21.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus21.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus21.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus20.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus20.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus20.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus20.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus23.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus23.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus23.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus23.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus22.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus22.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus22.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus22.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus29.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus29.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus29.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus29.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls38.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl38        10112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls38.bytes_read::total            10112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls38.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl38         1472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls38.bytes_written::total          1472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls38.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl38          158                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls38.num_reads::total               158                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls38.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl38           23                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls38.num_writes::total               23                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls38.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl38     10444441                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls38.bw_read::total            10444441                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls38.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl38      1520393                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls38.bw_write::total            1520393                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls38.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl38     11964835                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls38.bw_total::total           11964835                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls38.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl38::samples       160.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls38.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls38.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000046250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls38.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls38.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls38.numStayReadState               557                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls38.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls38.readReqs                       158                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls38.writeReqs                       23                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls38.readBursts                     158                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls38.writeBursts                     23                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls38.servicedByWrQ                   15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls38.mergedWrBursts                   6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls38.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::0               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::3               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::4               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::8              85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::9              27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::10              9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::11              4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::12              8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::13              1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.avgRdQLen                     0.99                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls38.avgWrQLen                     9.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls38.totQLat                    1430000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls38.totBusLat                   715000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls38.totMemAccLat               4111250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls38.avgQLat                   10000.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls38.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls38.avgMemAccLat              28750.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls38.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls38.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls38.readRowHits                     42                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls38.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls38.readRowHitRate               29.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls38.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls38.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.readPktSize::6                 158                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.writePktSize::6                 23                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::0                   143                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.bytesPerActivate::samples          100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls38.bytesPerActivate::mean    90.880000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls38.bytesPerActivate::gmean    83.340588                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls38.bytesPerActivate::stdev    42.840857                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls38.bytesPerActivate::64-95           67     67.00%     67.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls38.bytesPerActivate::128-159           25     25.00%     92.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls38.bytesPerActivate::192-223            7      7.00%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls38.bytesPerActivate::256-287            1      1.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls38.bytesPerActivate::total          100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls38.bytesReadDRAM                 9152                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls38.bytesReadWrQ                   960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls38.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls38.bytesReadSys                 10112                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls38.bytesWrittenSys               1472                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls38.avgRdBW                       9.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls38.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls38.avgRdBWSys                   10.44                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls38.avgWrBWSys                    1.52                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls38.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls38.busUtil                       0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls38.busUtilRead                   0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls38.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls38.totGap                   958108000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls38.avgGap                  5293414.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls38.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl38         9152                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls38.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl38 9452880.458555595949                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls38.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl38          158                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls38.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl38           23                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls38.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl38      4111250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls38.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl38     26020.57                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls38.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl38         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls38.pageHitRate                  26.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls38.rank1.actEnergy             671160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank1.preEnergy             352935                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank1.readEnergy            956760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank1.actBackEnergy      164143470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank1.preBackEnergy      233551680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank1.totalEnergy        475891365                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank1.averagePower      491.536733                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls38.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    605347830                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    330582670                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38.rank0.actEnergy              49980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank0.preEnergy              26565                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank0.readEnergy             64260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank0.actBackEnergy       28009230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank0.preBackEnergy      348191040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank0.totalEnergy        452556435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank0.averagePower      467.434646                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls38.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    904942006                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     30988494                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls39.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl39        11008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls39.bytes_read::total            11008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls39.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl39         1600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls39.bytes_written::total          1600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls39.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl39          172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls39.num_reads::total               172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls39.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl39           25                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls39.num_writes::total               25                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls39.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl39     11369898                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls39.bw_read::total            11369898                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls39.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl39      1652601                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls39.bw_write::total            1652601                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls39.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl39     13022500                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls39.bw_total::total           13022500                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls39.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl39::samples       155.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls39.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls39.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000530498                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls39.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls39.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls39.numStayReadState               555                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls39.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls39.readReqs                       172                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls39.writeReqs                       25                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls39.readBursts                     172                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls39.writeBursts                     25                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls39.servicedByWrQ                   31                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls39.mergedWrBursts                  11                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls39.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::0               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::3               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::4               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::8              60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::9              52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::10              6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::11              3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::12              8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::13              1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls39.avgWrQLen                     7.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls39.totQLat                    1923497                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls39.totBusLat                   705000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls39.totMemAccLat               4567247                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls39.avgQLat                   13641.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls39.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls39.avgMemAccLat              32391.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls39.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls39.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls39.readRowHits                     51                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls39.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls39.readRowHitRate               36.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls39.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls39.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.readPktSize::6                 172                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.writePktSize::6                 25                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::0                   140                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.bytesPerActivate::samples           89                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls39.bytesPerActivate::mean    99.955056                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls39.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.957069                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls39.bytesPerActivate::stdev    95.492017                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls39.bytesPerActivate::64-127           68     76.40%     76.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls39.bytesPerActivate::128-191           14     15.73%     92.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls39.bytesPerActivate::192-255            1      1.12%     93.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls39.bytesPerActivate::256-319            1      1.12%     94.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls39.bytesPerActivate::384-447            2      2.25%     96.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls39.bytesPerActivate::512-575            3      3.37%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls39.bytesPerActivate::total           89                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls39.bytesReadDRAM                 9024                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls39.bytesReadWrQ                  1984                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls39.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls39.bytesReadSys                 11008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls39.bytesWrittenSys               1600                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls39.avgRdBW                       9.32                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls39.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls39.avgRdBWSys                   11.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls39.avgWrBWSys                    1.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls39.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls39.busUtil                       0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls39.busUtilRead                   0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls39.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls39.totGap                   964447500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls39.avgGap                  4895672.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls39.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl39         9024                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls39.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl39 9320672.340254118666                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls39.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl39          172                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls39.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl39           25                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls39.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl39      4567247                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls39.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl39     26553.76                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls39.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl39         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls39.pageHitRate                  32.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls39.rank1.actEnergy             571200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank1.preEnergy             299805                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank1.readEnergy            928200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank1.actBackEnergy      133699200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank1.preBackEnergy      259188960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank1.totalEnergy        470902725                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank1.averagePower      486.384087                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls39.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    672371810                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    263558690                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39.rank0.actEnergy              71400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank0.preEnergy              37950                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank0.readEnergy             78540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank0.actBackEnergy       31091220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank0.preBackEnergy      345595680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank0.totalEnergy        453090150                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank0.averagePower      467.985907                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls39.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    898140008                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     37790492                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu38.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu38.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu38.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu38.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu38.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu39.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu39.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu39.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu39.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu39.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu36.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu36.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu36.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu36.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu36.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu37.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu37.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu37.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu37.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu37.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu34.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu34.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu34.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu34.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu34.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu35.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu35.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu35.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu35.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu35.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu32.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu32.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu32.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu32.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu32.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu33.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu33.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu33.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu33.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu33.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu30.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu30.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu30.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu30.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu30.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu31.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu31.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu31.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu31.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu31.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl28.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl29.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl26.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl27.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl24.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl25.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl22.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl23.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl20.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl21.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl59.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl58.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl53.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl52.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl51.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl50.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl57.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl56.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl55.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl54.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl48.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl49.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers24.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers29.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers28.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers33.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers35.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers21.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers20.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers23.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers22.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers25.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers27.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers26.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers47.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers32.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers30.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers31.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers36.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers37.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers34.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers38.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers39.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers9.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers18.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers19.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers16.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers17.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers61.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers60.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers63.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers62.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers8.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers51.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers43.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers42.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers41.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers40.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers46.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers45.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers44.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers49.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers48.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers54.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers55.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers56.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers57.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers50.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers52.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers53.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers58.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers59.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl40.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl41.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl42.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl43.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl44.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl45.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl46.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl47.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl32.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl32.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl33.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl33.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl34.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl34.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl35.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl35.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl36.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl36.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl37.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl37.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl38.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl38.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl39.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl39.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl52.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl52.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl53.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl53.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl50.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl50.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl51.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl51.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl56.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl56.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl57.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl57.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl54.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl54.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl55.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl55.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl58.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl58.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl59.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl59.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl41.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl41.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl40.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl40.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl43.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl43.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl42.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl42.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl45.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl45.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl44.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl44.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl47.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl47.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl46.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl46.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl49.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl49.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl48.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl48.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl62.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl63.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl60.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl61.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl17.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl16.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl19.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl18.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.dir_cntrl39.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl38.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl31.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl30.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl33.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl32.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl35.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl34.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl37.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl36.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl63.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl63.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl62.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl62.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl61.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl61.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl60.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl60.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls62.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl62         9600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls62.bytes_read::total             9600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls62.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl62         1088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls62.bytes_written::total          1088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls62.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl62          150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls62.num_reads::total               150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls62.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl62           17                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls62.num_writes::total               17                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls62.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl62      9915609                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls62.bw_read::total             9915609                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls62.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl62      1123769                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls62.bw_write::total            1123769                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls62.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl62     11039378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls62.bw_total::total           11039378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls62.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl62::samples       130.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls62.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls62.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000565498                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls62.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls62.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls62.numStayReadState               493                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls62.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls62.readReqs                       150                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls62.writeReqs                       17                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls62.readBursts                     150                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls62.writeBursts                     17                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls62.servicedByWrQ                   36                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls62.mergedWrBursts                   1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls62.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::0               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::3               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::4               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::5               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::8              70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::9              10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::10              8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::11              5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::12              6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::13              2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls62.avgWrQLen                     8.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls62.totQLat                    1654748                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls62.totBusLat                   570000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls62.totMemAccLat               3792248                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls62.avgQLat                   14515.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls62.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls62.avgMemAccLat              33265.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls62.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls62.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls62.readRowHits                     28                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls62.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls62.readRowHitRate               24.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls62.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls62.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.readPktSize::6                 150                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.writePktSize::6                 17                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::0                   114                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.bytesPerActivate::samples           85                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls62.bytesPerActivate::mean    85.082353                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls62.bytesPerActivate::gmean    78.159552                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls62.bytesPerActivate::stdev    42.347264                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls62.bytesPerActivate::64-95           65     76.47%     76.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls62.bytesPerActivate::128-159           13     15.29%     91.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls62.bytesPerActivate::192-223            6      7.06%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls62.bytesPerActivate::256-287            1      1.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls62.bytesPerActivate::total           85                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls62.bytesReadDRAM                 7296                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls62.bytesReadWrQ                  2304                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls62.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls62.bytesReadSys                  9600                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls62.bytesWrittenSys               1088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls62.avgRdBW                       7.54                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls62.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls62.avgRdBWSys                    9.92                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls62.avgWrBWSys                    1.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls62.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls62.busUtil                       0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls62.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls62.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls62.totGap                   967321500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls62.avgGap                  5792344.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls62.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl62         7296                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls62.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl62 7535862.743184180930                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls62.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl62          150                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls62.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl62           17                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls62.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl62      3792248                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls62.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl62     25281.65                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls62.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl62         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls62.pageHitRate                  21.54                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls62.rank1.actEnergy             542640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank1.preEnergy             284625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank1.readEnergy            721140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank1.actBackEnergy      147554760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank1.preBackEnergy      247521120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank1.totalEnergy        472839645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank1.averagePower      488.384685                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls62.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    641866569                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    294063931                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62.rank0.actEnergy              71400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank0.preEnergy              37950                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank0.readEnergy             92820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank0.actBackEnergy       29105340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank0.preBackEnergy      347268000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank0.totalEnergy        452790870                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank0.averagePower      467.676788                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls62.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    902495260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     33435240                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.sys_port_proxy.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus36.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus36.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus36.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus36.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus37.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus37.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus37.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus37.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus34.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus34.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus34.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus34.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus35.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus35.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus35.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus35.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus32.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus32.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus32.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus32.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus33.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus33.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus33.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus33.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus30.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus30.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus30.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus30.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus31.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus31.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus31.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus31.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu43.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu43.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu43.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu43.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu43.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus38.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus38.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus38.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus38.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus39.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus39.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus39.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus39.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu14.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu14.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu15.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu15.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu16.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu16.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu16.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu16.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu16.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu17.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu17.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu17.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu17.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu17.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu10.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu10.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu11.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu11.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu12.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu12.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu13.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu13.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu18.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu18.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu18.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu18.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu18.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu19.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu19.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu19.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu19.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu19.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus28.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus28.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus28.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus28.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus6.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus6.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus7.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus7.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus4.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus4.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus5.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus5.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus2.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus2.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus3.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus3.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus0.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus0.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus1.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus1.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus8.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus8.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus8.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus8.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus9.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus9.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus9.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus9.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus18.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus18.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus18.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus18.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus19.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus19.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus19.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus19.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus14.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus14.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus14.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus15.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus15.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus15.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus16.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus16.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus16.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus16.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus17.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus17.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus17.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus17.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus10.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus10.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus10.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus11.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus11.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus11.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus12.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus12.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus12.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus13.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus13.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus13.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu61.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu61.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu61.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu61.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu61.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls19.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl19        10048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls19.bytes_read::total            10048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls19.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl19          640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls19.bytes_written::total           640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls19.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl19          157                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls19.num_reads::total               157                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls19.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl19           10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls19.num_writes::total               10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls19.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl19     10378337                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls19.bw_read::total            10378337                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls19.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl19       661041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls19.bw_write::total             661041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls19.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl19     11039378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls19.bw_total::total           11039378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls19.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl19::samples       146.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls19.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls19.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000514998                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls19.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls19.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls19.numStayReadState               530                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls19.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls19.readReqs                       157                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls19.writeReqs                       10                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls19.readBursts                     157                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls19.writeBursts                     10                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls19.servicedByWrQ                   21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls19.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls19.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::0              18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::3               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::4               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::5               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::8              58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::9              37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::10              5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::11              3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::12              7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.avgRdQLen                     0.99                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls19.avgWrQLen                     4.82                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls19.totQLat                    1506249                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls19.totBusLat                   680000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls19.totMemAccLat               4056249                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls19.avgQLat                   11075.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls19.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls19.avgMemAccLat              29825.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls19.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls19.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls19.readRowHits                     45                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls19.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls19.readRowHitRate               33.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls19.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls19.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.readPktSize::6                 157                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.writePktSize::6                 10                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::0                   133                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::1                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.bytesPerActivate::samples           90                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls19.bytesPerActivate::mean    94.577778                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls19.bytesPerActivate::gmean    82.471929                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls19.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.313951                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls19.bytesPerActivate::64-95           65     72.22%     72.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls19.bytesPerActivate::128-159           18     20.00%     92.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls19.bytesPerActivate::192-223            2      2.22%     94.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls19.bytesPerActivate::256-287            2      2.22%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls19.bytesPerActivate::384-415            3      3.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls19.bytesPerActivate::total           90                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls19.bytesReadDRAM                 8704                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls19.bytesReadWrQ                  1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls19.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls19.bytesReadSys                 10048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls19.bytesWrittenSys                640                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls19.avgRdBW                       8.99                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls19.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls19.avgRdBWSys                   10.38                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls19.avgWrBWSys                    0.66                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls19.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls19.busUtil                       0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls19.busUtilRead                   0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls19.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls19.totGap                   960287500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls19.avgGap                  5750224.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls19.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl19         8704                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls19.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl19 8990152.044500425458                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls19.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl19          157                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls19.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl19           10                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls19.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl19      4056249                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls19.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl19     25835.98                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls19.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl19         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls19.pageHitRate                  30.82                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls19.rank1.actEnergy             535500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank1.preEnergy             280830                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank1.readEnergy            785400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank1.actBackEnergy      134039490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank1.preBackEnergy      258902400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank1.totalEnergy        470758980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank1.averagePower      486.235617                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls19.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    671548316                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    264382184                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19.rank0.actEnergy             114240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank0.preEnergy              60720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank0.readEnergy            185640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank0.actBackEnergy       38459040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank0.preBackEnergy      339391200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank0.totalEnergy        454426200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank0.averagePower      469.365881                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls19.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    881964511                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     53965989                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu63.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu63.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu63.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu63.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu63.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu62.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu62.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu62.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu62.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu62.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl10        10944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::total            10944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl10         1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::total          1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl10          171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::total               171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl10           20                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::total               20                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl10     11303794                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::total            11303794                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl10      1322081                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::total            1322081                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl10     12625875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::total           12625875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl10::samples       182.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls10.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls10.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000517498                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls10.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls10.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls10.numStayReadState               592                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls10.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                       171                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                       20                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.readBursts                     171                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts                     20                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ                    9                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0              21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::3               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::4               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::5               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::8              73                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::9              43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::10              8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::11              3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::12              3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::13              2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen                     0.98                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen                     5.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                    1940497                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                   810000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat               4977997                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                   11978.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat              30728.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits                     68                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate               41.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::6                 171                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::6                 20                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0                   159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::samples           92                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::mean   110.608696                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::gmean    93.214591                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::stdev    82.224960                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::64-127           56     60.87%     60.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::128-191           22     23.91%     84.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::192-255            7      7.61%     92.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::256-319            2      2.17%     94.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::320-383            2      2.17%     96.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::384-447            2      2.17%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::512-575            1      1.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::total           92                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM                10368                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ                   576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys                 10944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys               1280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW                      10.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys                   11.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys                    1.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtil                       0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead                   0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.totGap                   946643000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                  4956246.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl10        10368                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls10.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl10 10708857.582419624552                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls10.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl10          171                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls10.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl10           20                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls10.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl10      4977997                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls10.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl10     29111.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls10.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl10         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate                  37.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls10.rank1.actEnergy             564060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank1.preEnergy             292215                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank1.readEnergy            942480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank1.actBackEnergy      156625740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank1.preBackEnergy      239882400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank1.totalEnergy        474522255                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank1.averagePower      490.122613                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls10.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    622061812                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    313868688                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.rank0.actEnergy             107100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank0.preEnergy              56925                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank0.readEnergy            214200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank0.actBackEnergy       34760310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank0.preBackEnergy      342505920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank0.totalEnergy        453859815                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank0.averagePower      468.780876                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls10.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    890092260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     45838240                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl11        10112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::total            10112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl11         1216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::total          1216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl11          158                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::total               158                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl11           19                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::total               19                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl11     10444441                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::total            10444441                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl11      1255977                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::total            1255977                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl11     11700418                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::total           11700418                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl11::samples       151.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls11.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls11.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000451498                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls11.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls11.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls11.numStayReadState               537                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls11.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                       158                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                       19                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.readBursts                     158                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts                     19                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ                   23                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts                   3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::3               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::4               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::5               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::8              71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::9              26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::10              7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::11              3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::12              2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::13              2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen                     5.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                    1649248                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                   675000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat               4180498                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                   12216.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat              30966.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits                     45                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate               33.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::6                 158                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::6                 19                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0                   134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::samples           88                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::mean    96.727273                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::gmean    87.481478                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::stdev    51.341706                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::64-95           54     61.36%     61.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::128-159           26     29.55%     90.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::192-223            7      7.95%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::384-415            1      1.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::total           88                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM                 8640                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ                  1472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys                 10112                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys               1216                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW                       8.92                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys                   10.44                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys                    1.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtil                       0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead                   0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.totGap                   960112000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                  5424361.58                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl11         8640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls11.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl11 8924047.985349686816                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls11.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl11          158                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls11.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl11           19                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls11.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl11      4180498                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls11.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl11     26458.85                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls11.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl11         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate                  29.80                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls11.rank1.actEnergy             549780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank1.preEnergy             284625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank1.readEnergy            792540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank1.actBackEnergy      152861460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank1.preBackEnergy      243052320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank1.totalEnergy        473756085                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank1.averagePower      489.331254                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls11.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    630268817                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    305661683                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.rank0.actEnergy              92820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank0.preEnergy              49335                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank0.readEnergy            171360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank0.actBackEnergy       32170230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank0.preBackEnergy      344687040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank0.totalEnergy        453386145                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank0.averagePower      468.291634                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls11.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    895787508                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     40142992                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl12         7936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::total             7936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl12          832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::total           832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl12          124                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::total               124                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl12           13                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::total               13                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl12      8196903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::total             8196903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl12       859353                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::total             859353                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl12      9056256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::total            9056256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl12::samples       134.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls12.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls12.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000388498                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls12.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls12.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls12.numStayReadState               503                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls12.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                       124                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                       13                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.readBursts                     124                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts                     13                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ                    3                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0              13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::3               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::4               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::5               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::8              51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::9              33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::10              8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::11              5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::12              2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::13              2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen                     4.08                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                    1493997                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                   605000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat               3762747                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                   12347.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat              31097.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits                     39                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate               32.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::6                 124                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::6                 13                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0                   120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::samples           80                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::mean    95.200000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::gmean    85.184577                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::stdev    52.906988                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::64-95           54     67.50%     67.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::128-159           16     20.00%     87.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::192-223            8     10.00%     97.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::256-287            1      1.25%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::320-351            1      1.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::total           80                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM                 7744                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ                   192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys                  7936                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys                832                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW                       8.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys                    8.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys                    0.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtil                       0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.totGap                   963921500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                  7035923.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl12         7744                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls12.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl12 7998591.157239349559                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls12.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl12          124                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls12.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl12           13                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls12.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl12      3762747                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls12.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl12     30344.73                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls12.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl12         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate                  29.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls12.rank1.actEnergy             506940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank1.preEnergy             261855                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank1.readEnergy            721140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank1.actBackEnergy      139283490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank1.preBackEnergy      254486400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank1.totalEnergy        471475185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank1.averagePower      486.975367                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls12.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    660168307                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    275762193                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.rank0.actEnergy              78540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank0.preEnergy              41745                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank0.readEnergy            142800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank0.actBackEnergy       32393100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank0.preBackEnergy      344499360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank0.totalEnergy        453370905                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank0.averagePower      468.275893                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls12.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    895313007                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     40617493                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl13         9792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::total             9792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl13         1984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::total          1984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl13          153                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::total               153                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl13           31                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::total               31                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl13     10113921                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::total            10113921                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl13      2049226                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::total            2049226                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl13     12163147                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::total           12163147                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl13::samples       142.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls13.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls13.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000425998                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls13.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls13.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls13.numStayReadState               535                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls13.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                       153                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                       31                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.readBursts                     153                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts                     31                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ                   25                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts                  17                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0              18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::4               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::5               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::8              54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::9              28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::10              8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::11              5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::12              2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::13              2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen                     0.99                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen                     4.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                    1548747                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                   640000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat               3948747                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                   12099.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat              30849.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits                     38                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate               29.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::6                 153                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::6                 31                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0                   128                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::samples           89                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::mean    91.325843                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::gmean    82.283103                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::stdev    51.857272                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::64-95           63     70.79%     70.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::128-159           17     19.10%     89.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::192-223            8      8.99%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::384-415            1      1.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::total           89                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM                 8192                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ                  1600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys                  9792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys               1984                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW                       8.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys                   10.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys                    2.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtil                       0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead                   0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.totGap                   961493000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                  5225505.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl13         8192                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls13.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl13 8461319.571294518188                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls13.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl13          153                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls13.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl13           31                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls13.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl13      3948747                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls13.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl13     25808.80                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls13.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl13         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate                  26.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls13.rank1.actEnergy             521220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank1.preEnergy             273240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank1.readEnergy            706860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank1.actBackEnergy      140934210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank1.preBackEnergy      253096320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank1.totalEnergy        471747210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank1.averagePower      487.256336                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls13.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    656514809                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    279415691                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.rank0.actEnergy             121380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank0.preEnergy              64515                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank0.readEnergy            207060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank0.actBackEnergy       40959630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank0.preBackEnergy      337285440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank0.totalEnergy        454853385                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank0.averagePower      469.807110                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls13.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    876468262                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     59462238                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl14        11520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::total            11520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl14         1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::total          1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl14          180                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::total               180                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl14           16                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::total               16                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl14     11898731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::total            11898731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl14      1057665                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::total            1057665                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl14     12956396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::total           12956396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl14::samples       166.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls14.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls14.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000566500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls14.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls14.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls14.numStayReadState               564                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls14.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                       180                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                       16                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.readBursts                     180                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts                     16                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ                   30                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0              14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::3               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::4               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::5               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::8              72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::9              27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::10              4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::11             20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::12              3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::13              2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen                     5.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                    1874249                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                   750000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat               4686749                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                   12494.99                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat              31244.99                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits                     46                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate               30.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::6                 180                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::6                 16                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0                   150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::samples          101                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::mean    93.148515                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::gmean    84.512151                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::stdev    47.485026                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::64-95           67     66.34%     66.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::128-159           25     24.75%     91.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::192-223            6      5.94%     97.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::256-287            3      2.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::total          101                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM                 9600                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ                  1920                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys                 11520                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys               1024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW                       9.92                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys                   11.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys                    1.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtil                       0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead                   0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.totGap                   966805000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                  4932678.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl14         9600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls14.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl14 9915608.872610764578                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls14.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl14          180                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls14.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl14           16                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls14.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl14      4686749                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls14.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl14     26037.49                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls14.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl14         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate                  27.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls14.rank1.actEnergy             656880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank1.preEnergy             337755                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank1.readEnergy            913920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank1.actBackEnergy      156813840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank1.preBackEnergy      239724000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank1.totalEnergy        474661755                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank1.averagePower      490.266699                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls14.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    621562067                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    314368433                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.rank0.actEnergy              85680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank0.preEnergy              45540                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank0.readEnergy            157080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank0.actBackEnergy       32521350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank0.preBackEnergy      344391360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank0.totalEnergy        453416370                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank0.averagePower      468.322852                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls14.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    895016758                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     40913742                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl15        14272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::total            14272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl15         1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::total          1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl15          223                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::total               223                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl15           16                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::total               16                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl15     14741205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::total            14741205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl15      1057665                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::total            1057665                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl15     15798870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::total           15798870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl15::samples       178.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls15.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls15.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000579000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls15.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls15.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls15.numStayReadState               592                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls15.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                       223                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                       16                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.readBursts                     223                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts                     16                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ                   59                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts                   2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0              14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::3               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::4               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::5               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::8              99                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::9              29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::10              7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::11              4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::12              1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::13              2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen                     5.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                    2424495                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                   820000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat               5499495                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                   14783.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat              33533.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits                     63                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate               38.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::6                 223                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::6                 16                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0                   161                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::samples           99                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::mean   104.727273                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::gmean    91.853176                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::stdev    68.695991                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::64-127           58     58.59%     58.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::128-191           27     27.27%     85.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::192-255           11     11.11%     96.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::256-319            2      2.02%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::576-639            1      1.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::total           99                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM                10496                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ                  3776                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys                 14272                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys               1024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW                      10.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys                   14.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys                    1.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtil                       0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead                   0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.totGap                   961489000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                  4022966.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl15        10496                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls15.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl15 10841065.700721101835                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls15.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl15          223                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls15.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl15           16                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls15.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl15      5499495                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls15.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl15     24661.41                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls15.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl15         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate                  35.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls15.rank1.actEnergy             635460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank1.preEnergy             330165                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank1.readEnergy           1013880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank1.actBackEnergy      176007450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank1.preBackEnergy      223560960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank1.totalEnergy        477763275                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank1.averagePower      493.470184                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls15.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    579371073                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    356559427                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.rank0.actEnergy              85680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank0.preEnergy              45540                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank0.readEnergy            157080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank0.actBackEnergy       33333600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank0.preBackEnergy      343707360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank0.totalEnergy        453544620                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank0.averagePower      468.455319                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls15.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    893249008                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     42681492                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls16.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl16         9152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls16.bytes_read::total             9152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls16.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl16          896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls16.bytes_written::total           896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls16.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl16          143                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls16.num_reads::total               143                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls16.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl16           14                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls16.num_writes::total               14                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls16.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl16      9452880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls16.bw_read::total             9452880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls16.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl16       925457                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls16.bw_write::total             925457                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls16.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl16     10378337                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls16.bw_total::total           10378337                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls16.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl16::samples       150.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls16.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls16.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000526498                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls16.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls16.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls16.numStayReadState               534                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls16.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls16.readReqs                       143                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls16.writeReqs                       14                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls16.readBursts                     143                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls16.writeBursts                     14                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls16.servicedByWrQ                    7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls16.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls16.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::0              14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::3               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::4               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::5               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::8              59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::9              39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::10              6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::11              2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::12              7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.avgRdQLen                     0.98                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls16.avgWrQLen                     4.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls16.totQLat                    2192995                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls16.totBusLat                   680000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls16.totMemAccLat               4742995                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls16.avgQLat                   16124.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls16.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls16.avgMemAccLat              34874.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls16.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls16.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls16.readRowHits                     48                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls16.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls16.readRowHitRate               35.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls16.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls16.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.readPktSize::6                 143                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.writePktSize::6                 14                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::0                   135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.bytesPerActivate::samples           88                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls16.bytesPerActivate::mean    98.909091                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls16.bytesPerActivate::gmean    86.051018                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls16.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.460538                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls16.bytesPerActivate::64-95           60     68.18%     68.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls16.bytesPerActivate::128-159           17     19.32%     87.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls16.bytesPerActivate::192-223            7      7.95%     95.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls16.bytesPerActivate::256-287            1      1.14%     96.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls16.bytesPerActivate::320-351            1      1.14%     97.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls16.bytesPerActivate::384-415            2      2.27%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls16.bytesPerActivate::total           88                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls16.bytesReadDRAM                 8704                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls16.bytesReadWrQ                   448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls16.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls16.bytesReadSys                  9152                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls16.bytesWrittenSys                896                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls16.avgRdBW                       8.99                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls16.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls16.avgRdBWSys                    9.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls16.avgWrBWSys                    0.93                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls16.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls16.busUtil                       0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls16.busUtilRead                   0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls16.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls16.totGap                   948811000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls16.avgGap                  6043382.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls16.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl16         8704                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls16.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl16 8990152.044500425458                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls16.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl16          143                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls16.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl16           14                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls16.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl16      4742995                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls16.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl16     33167.80                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls16.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl16         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls16.pageHitRate                  32.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls16.rank1.actEnergy             528360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank1.preEnergy             280830                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank1.readEnergy            806820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank1.actBackEnergy      155806080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank1.preBackEnergy      240572640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank1.totalEnergy        474210090                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank1.averagePower      489.800185                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls16.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    623802564                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    312127936                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16.rank0.actEnergy              99960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank0.preEnergy              53130                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank0.readEnergy            164220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank0.actBackEnergy       31730760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank0.preBackEnergy      345057120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank0.totalEnergy        453320550                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank0.averagePower      468.223882                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls16.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    896748259                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     39182241                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls17.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl17        10496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls17.bytes_read::total            10496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls17.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl17         1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls17.bytes_written::total          1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls17.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl17          164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls17.num_reads::total               164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls17.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl17           16                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls17.num_writes::total               16                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls17.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl17     10841066                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls17.bw_read::total            10841066                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls17.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl17      1057665                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls17.bw_write::total            1057665                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls17.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl17     11898731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls17.bw_total::total           11898731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls17.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl17::samples       150.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls17.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls17.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000542998                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls17.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls17.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls17.numStayReadState               536                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls17.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls17.readReqs                       164                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls17.writeReqs                       16                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls17.readBursts                     164                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls17.writeBursts                     16                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls17.servicedByWrQ                   28                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls17.mergedWrBursts                   2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls17.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::0              14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::3               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::4               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::5               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::8              55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::9              41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::10              7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::11              5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::12              5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.avgRdQLen                     0.99                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls17.avgWrQLen                     5.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls17.totQLat                    1492749                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls17.totBusLat                   680000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls17.totMemAccLat               4042749                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls17.avgQLat                   10976.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls17.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls17.avgMemAccLat              29726.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls17.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls17.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls17.readRowHits                     47                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls17.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls17.readRowHitRate               34.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls17.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls17.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.readPktSize::6                 164                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.writePktSize::6                 16                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::0                   135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.bytesPerActivate::samples           88                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls17.bytesPerActivate::mean    98.181818                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls17.bytesPerActivate::gmean    84.417669                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls17.bytesPerActivate::stdev    70.609586                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls17.bytesPerActivate::64-95           63     71.59%     71.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls17.bytesPerActivate::128-159           15     17.05%     88.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls17.bytesPerActivate::192-223            4      4.55%     93.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls17.bytesPerActivate::256-287            2      2.27%     95.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls17.bytesPerActivate::320-351            2      2.27%     97.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls17.bytesPerActivate::384-415            2      2.27%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls17.bytesPerActivate::total           88                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls17.bytesReadDRAM                 8704                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls17.bytesReadWrQ                  1792                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls17.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls17.bytesReadSys                 10496                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls17.bytesWrittenSys               1024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls17.avgRdBW                       8.99                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls17.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls17.avgRdBWSys                   10.84                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls17.avgWrBWSys                    1.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls17.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls17.busUtil                       0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls17.busUtilRead                   0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls17.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls17.totGap                   960308500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls17.avgGap                  5335047.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls17.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl17         8704                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls17.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl17 8990152.044500425458                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls17.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl17          164                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls17.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl17           16                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls17.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl17      4042749                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls17.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl17     24650.91                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls17.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl17         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls17.pageHitRate                  31.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls17.rank1.actEnergy             542640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank1.preEnergy             284625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank1.readEnergy            806820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank1.actBackEnergy      144602160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank1.preBackEnergy      250007520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank1.totalEnergy        472459125                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank1.averagePower      487.991655                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls17.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    648373818                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    287556682                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17.rank0.actEnergy              92820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank0.preEnergy              49335                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank0.readEnergy            164220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank0.actBackEnergy       31005720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank0.preBackEnergy      345667680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank0.totalEnergy        453195135                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank0.averagePower      468.094344                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls17.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    898355258                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     37575242                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls18.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl18         9472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls18.bytes_read::total             9472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls18.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl18          704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls18.bytes_written::total           704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls18.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl18          148                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls18.num_reads::total               148                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls18.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl18           11                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls18.num_writes::total               11                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls18.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl18      9783401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls18.bw_read::total             9783401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls18.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl18       727145                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls18.bw_write::total             727145                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls18.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl18     10510545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls18.bw_total::total           10510545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls18.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl18::samples       157.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls18.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls18.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000574498                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls18.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls18.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls18.numStayReadState               551                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls18.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls18.readReqs                       148                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls18.writeReqs                       11                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls18.readBursts                     148                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls18.writeBursts                     11                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls18.servicedByWrQ                    2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls18.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls18.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::0              18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::3               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::4               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::5               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::8              55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::9              43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::10              8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::11              2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::12              8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::13              3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.avgRdQLen                     0.98                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls18.avgWrQLen                     4.63                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls18.totQLat                    2204996                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls18.totBusLat                   730000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls18.totMemAccLat               4942496                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls18.avgQLat                   15102.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls18.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls18.avgMemAccLat              33852.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls18.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls18.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls18.readRowHits                     49                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls18.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls18.readRowHitRate               33.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls18.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls18.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.readPktSize::6                 148                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.writePktSize::6                 11                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::0                   146                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.bytesPerActivate::samples           96                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls18.bytesPerActivate::mean           96                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls18.bytesPerActivate::gmean    84.644260                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls18.bytesPerActivate::stdev    60.180780                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls18.bytesPerActivate::64-95           66     68.75%     68.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls18.bytesPerActivate::128-159           21     21.88%     90.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls18.bytesPerActivate::192-223            3      3.12%     93.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls18.bytesPerActivate::256-287            3      3.12%     96.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls18.bytesPerActivate::320-351            3      3.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls18.bytesPerActivate::total           96                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls18.bytesReadDRAM                 9344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls18.bytesReadWrQ                   128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls18.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls18.bytesReadSys                  9472                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls18.bytesWrittenSys                704                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls18.avgRdBW                       9.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls18.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls18.avgRdBWSys                    9.78                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls18.avgWrBWSys                    0.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls18.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls18.busUtil                       0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls18.busUtilRead                   0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls18.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls18.totGap                   951340500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls18.avgGap                  5983273.58                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls18.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl18         9344                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls18.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl18 9651192.636007810012                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls18.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl18          148                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls18.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl18           11                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls18.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl18      4942496                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls18.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl18     33395.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls18.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl18         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls18.pageHitRate                  31.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls18.rank1.actEnergy             571200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank1.preEnergy             299805                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank1.readEnergy            849660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank1.actBackEnergy      133527630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank1.preBackEnergy      259333440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank1.totalEnergy        470797095                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank1.averagePower      486.274985                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls18.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    672690064                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    263240436                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18.rank0.actEnergy             121380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank0.preEnergy              64515                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank0.readEnergy            192780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank0.actBackEnergy       41371170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank0.preBackEnergy      336938880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank0.totalEnergy        454904085                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank0.averagePower      469.859477                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls18.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    875582510                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     60347990                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls8.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl8        10240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls8.bytes_read::total             10240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls8.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl8         1408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls8.bytes_written::total           1408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls8.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl8          160                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls8.num_reads::total                160                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls8.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl8           22                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls8.num_writes::total                22                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls8.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl8     10576649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls8.bw_read::total             10576649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls8.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl8      1454289                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls8.bw_write::total             1454289                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls8.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl8     12030939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls8.bw_total::total            12030939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls8.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl8::samples       169.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls8.priorityMinLatency     0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls8.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000446498                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls8.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls8.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls8.numStayReadState                566                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls8.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                        160                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                        22                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls8.readBursts                      160                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls8.writeBursts                      22                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls8.servicedByWrQ                    12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls8.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls8.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankRdBursts::0               23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankRdBursts::3                5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankRdBursts::4                3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankRdBursts::5                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankRdBursts::8               79                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankRdBursts::9               25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankRdBursts::10               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankRdBursts::11               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankRdBursts::12               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankRdBursts::13               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls8.avgWrQLen                      7.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                     1999246                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                    740000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat                4774246                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls8.avgQLat                    13508.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls8.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls8.avgMemAccLat               32258.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls8.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls8.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls8.readRowHits                      47                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls8.readRowHitRate                31.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls8.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls8.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls8.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls8.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls8.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls8.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls8.readPktSize::6                  160                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls8.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls8.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls8.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls8.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls8.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls8.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls8.writePktSize::6                  22                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::0                    148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.bytesPerActivate::samples          100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls8.bytesPerActivate::mean    94.080000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls8.bytesPerActivate::gmean    84.019170                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls8.bytesPerActivate::stdev    59.270938                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls8.bytesPerActivate::64-127           68     68.00%     68.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls8.bytesPerActivate::128-191           22     22.00%     90.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls8.bytesPerActivate::192-255            9      9.00%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls8.bytesPerActivate::512-575            1      1.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls8.bytesPerActivate::total          100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls8.bytesReadDRAM                  9472                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls8.bytesReadWrQ                    768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls8.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls8.bytesReadSys                  10240                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls8.bytesWrittenSys                1408                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls8.avgRdBW                        9.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls8.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls8.avgRdBWSys                    10.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls8.avgWrBWSys                     1.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls8.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls8.busUtil                        0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls8.busUtilRead                    0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls8.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls8.totGap                    966386500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls8.avgGap                   5309815.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls8.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl8         9472                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls8.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl8 9783400.754309287295                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls8.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl8          160                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls8.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl8           22                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls8.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl8      4774246                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls8.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl8     29839.04                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls8.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl8         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls8.pageHitRate                   27.81                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls8.rank1.actEnergy              599760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank1.preEnergy              314985                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank1.readEnergy             828240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank1.writeEnergy                 0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank1.refreshEnergy    76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank1.actBackEnergy       162109710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank1.preBackEnergy       235264320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank1.totalEnergy         475332375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank1.averagePower       490.959366                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank1.totalIdleTime               0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls8.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    609891321                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls8.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls8.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls8.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls8.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    326039179                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls8.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls8.rank0.actEnergy              121380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank0.preEnergy               64515                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank0.readEnergy             228480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank0.writeEnergy                 0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank0.refreshEnergy    76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank0.actBackEnergy        39650910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank0.preBackEnergy       338387520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank0.totalEnergy         454668165                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank0.averagePower       469.615801                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank0.totalIdleTime               0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls8.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    879339261                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls8.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls8.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls8.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls8.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     56591239                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls8.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls8.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls9.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl9        10112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls9.bytes_read::total             10112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls9.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl9         1088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls9.bytes_written::total           1088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls9.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl9          158                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls9.num_reads::total                158                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls9.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl9           17                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls9.num_writes::total                17                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls9.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl9     10444441                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls9.bw_read::total             10444441                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls9.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl9      1123769                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls9.bw_write::total             1123769                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls9.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl9     11568210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls9.bw_total::total            11568210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls9.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl9::samples       168.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls9.priorityMinLatency     0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls9.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000426498                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls9.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls9.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls9.numStayReadState                567                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls9.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                        158                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                        17                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls9.readBursts                      158                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls9.writeBursts                      17                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls9.servicedByWrQ                     7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls9.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls9.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankRdBursts::0               21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankRdBursts::3                5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankRdBursts::4                3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankRdBursts::5                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankRdBursts::8               68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankRdBursts::9               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankRdBursts::10               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankRdBursts::11               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankRdBursts::12               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankRdBursts::13               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.avgRdQLen                      0.99                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls9.avgWrQLen                      5.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                     1516999                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                    755000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat                4348249                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls9.avgQLat                    10046.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls9.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls9.avgMemAccLat               28796.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls9.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls9.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls9.readRowHits                      55                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls9.readRowHitRate                36.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls9.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls9.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls9.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls9.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls9.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls9.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls9.readPktSize::6                  158                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls9.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls9.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls9.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls9.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls9.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls9.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls9.writePktSize::6                  17                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::0                    151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.bytesPerActivate::samples           94                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls9.bytesPerActivate::mean   101.446809                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls9.bytesPerActivate::gmean    87.234435                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls9.bytesPerActivate::stdev    69.862787                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls9.bytesPerActivate::64-95           64     68.09%     68.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls9.bytesPerActivate::128-159           17     18.09%     86.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls9.bytesPerActivate::192-223            6      6.38%     92.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls9.bytesPerActivate::256-287            4      4.26%     96.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls9.bytesPerActivate::320-351            1      1.06%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls9.bytesPerActivate::384-415            2      2.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls9.bytesPerActivate::total           94                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls9.bytesReadDRAM                  9664                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls9.bytesReadWrQ                    448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls9.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls9.bytesReadSys                  10112                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls9.bytesWrittenSys                1088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls9.avgRdBW                        9.98                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls9.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls9.avgRdBWSys                    10.44                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls9.avgWrBWSys                     1.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls9.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls9.busUtil                        0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls9.busUtilRead                    0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls9.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls9.totGap                    954001500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls9.avgGap                   5451437.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls9.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl9         9664                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls9.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl9 9981712.931761503220                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls9.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl9          158                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls9.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl9           17                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls9.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl9      4348249                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls9.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl9     27520.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls9.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl9         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls9.pageHitRate                   32.74                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls9.rank1.actEnergy              571200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank1.preEnergy              296010                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank1.readEnergy             863940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank1.writeEnergy                 0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank1.refreshEnergy    76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank1.actBackEnergy       158329470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank1.preBackEnergy       238447680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank1.totalEnergy         474723660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank1.averagePower       490.330639                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank1.totalIdleTime               0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls9.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    618251069                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls9.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls9.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls9.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls9.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    317679431                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls9.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls9.rank0.actEnergy              114240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank0.preEnergy               60720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank0.readEnergy             214200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank0.writeEnergy                 0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank0.refreshEnergy    76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank0.actBackEnergy        33630000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank0.preBackEnergy       343457760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank0.totalEnergy         453692280                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank0.averagePower       468.607833                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank0.totalIdleTime               0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls9.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    892571010                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls9.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls9.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls9.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls9.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     43359490                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls9.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls9.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu60.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu60.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu60.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu60.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu60.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl2        10240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total             10240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl2          960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total            960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl2          160                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total                160                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl2           15                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total                15                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl2     10576649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             10576649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl2       991561                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total              991561                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl2     11568210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            11568210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl2::samples       145.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls2.priorityMinLatency     0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls2.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000494998                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls2.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls2.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls2.numStayReadState                525                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls2.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                        160                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                        15                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                      160                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                      15                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    29                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0               31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8               59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9               12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      4.61                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                     1736248                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                    655000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                4192498                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    13253.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               32003.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                      40                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                30.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                  160                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                  15                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                    129                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples           89                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean    92.044944                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.058816                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.814518                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::64-127           65     73.03%     73.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-191           18     20.22%     93.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::192-255            3      3.37%     96.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-319            1      1.12%     97.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-447            1      1.12%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-575            1      1.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total           89                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                  8384                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1856                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                  10240                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                 960                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        8.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                    10.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.99                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                    963554000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   5506022.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl2         8384                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls2.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl2 8659631.748746734113                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls2.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl2          160                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls2.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl2           15                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl2      4192498                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl2     26203.11                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls2.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl2         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   27.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.rank1.actEnergy              514080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank1.preEnergy              269445                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank1.readEnergy             621180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank1.writeEnergy                 0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank1.refreshEnergy    76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank1.actBackEnergy       141214080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank1.preBackEnergy       252860640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank1.totalEnergy         471694785                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank1.averagePower       487.202187                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank1.totalIdleTime               0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    655845814                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    280084686                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.rank0.actEnergy              135660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank0.preEnergy               68310                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank0.readEnergy             314160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank0.writeEnergy                 0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank0.refreshEnergy    76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank0.actBackEnergy        42024390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank0.preBackEnergy       336388800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank0.totalEnergy         455146680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank0.averagePower       470.110048                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank0.totalIdleTime               0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    874161761                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     61768739                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl3        10240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total             10240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl3         1408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total           1408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl3          160                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total                160                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl3           22                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total                22                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl3     10576649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             10576649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl3      1454289                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total             1454289                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl3     12030939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            12030939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl3::samples       140.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls3.priorityMinLatency     0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls3.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls3.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls3.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls3.numStayReadState                512                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls3.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                        160                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                        22                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                      160                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                      22                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    39                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0               33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8               50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9               14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      5.49                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                     1141250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                    605000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                3410000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                     9431.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               28181.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                      38                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                31.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                  160                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                  22                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                    121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples           81                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean    94.024691                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    82.265771                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    64.863313                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::64-95           59     72.84%     72.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-159           15     18.52%     91.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::192-223            2      2.47%     93.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-287            3      3.70%     97.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-415            2      2.47%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total           81                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                  7744                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   2496                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                  10240                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                1408                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        8.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    10.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     1.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                    963581500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   5294403.85                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl3         7744                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls3.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl3 7998591.157239349559                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls3.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl3          160                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls3.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl3           22                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls3.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl3      3410000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls3.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl3     21312.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls3.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl3         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   27.14                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.rank1.actEnergy              464100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank1.preEnergy              242880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank1.readEnergy             564060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank1.writeEnergy                 0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank1.refreshEnergy    76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank1.actBackEnergy       123584550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank1.preBackEnergy       267706560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank1.totalEnergy         468777510                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank1.averagePower       484.189004                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank1.totalIdleTime               0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    694609059                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    241321441                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.rank0.actEnergy              128520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank0.preEnergy               64515                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank0.readEnergy             299880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank0.writeEnergy                 0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank0.refreshEnergy    76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank0.actBackEnergy        46050300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank0.preBackEnergy       332998560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank0.totalEnergy         455757135                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank0.averagePower       470.740572                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank0.totalIdleTime               0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    865302013                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     70628487                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl0        12928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total             12928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl0         1344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total           1344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl0          202                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total                202                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl0           21                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total                21                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl0     13353020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             13353020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl0      1388185                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             1388185                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl0     14741205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            14741205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl0::samples       164.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMinLatency     0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000577998                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls0.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayReadState                563                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                        202                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                        21                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                      202                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                      21                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    55                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8               58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9               57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.99                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      6.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                     2393245                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                    735000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                5149495                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    16280.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               35030.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                      58                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                39.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                  202                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                  21                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                    146                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples           86                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   107.162791                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    88.398727                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    88.595028                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::64-95           59     68.60%     68.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-159           16     18.60%     87.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::192-223            4      4.65%     91.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-287            1      1.16%     93.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-415            5      5.81%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::448-479            1      1.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total           86                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                  9408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   3520                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                  12928                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                1344                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        9.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    13.35                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     1.39                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                    959003500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   4300464.13                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl0         9408                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl0 9717296.695158548653                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl0          202                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl0           21                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl0      5149495                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl0     25492.55                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl0         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   35.37                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.rank1.actEnergy              564060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank1.preEnergy              288420                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank1.readEnergy             949620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank1.writeEnergy                 0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank1.refreshEnergy    76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank1.actBackEnergy       157287510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank1.preBackEnergy       239325120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank1.totalEnergy         474630090                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank1.averagePower       490.233993                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank1.totalIdleTime               0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    620595061                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    315335439                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.rank0.actEnergy               71400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank0.preEnergy               37950                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank0.readEnergy              99960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank0.writeEnergy                 0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank0.refreshEnergy    76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank0.actBackEnergy        31436070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank0.preBackEnergy       345305280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank0.totalEnergy         453166020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank0.averagePower       468.064272                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank0.totalIdleTime               0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    897383758                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     38546742                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl1        12992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total             12992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl1         1344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total           1344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl1          203                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total                203                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl1           21                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total                21                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl1     13419124                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             13419124                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl1      1388185                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             1388185                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl1     14807309                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            14807309                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl1::samples       191.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMinLatency     0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000521998                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls1.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayReadState                615                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                        203                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                        21                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                      203                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                      21                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    30                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0               18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8               60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9               54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11              21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      6.68                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                     2183495                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                    865000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                5427245                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    12621.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               31371.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                      65                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                37.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                  203                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                  21                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                    170                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples          105                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   103.619048                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    86.652099                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    87.582091                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::64-127           72     68.57%     68.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-191           22     20.95%     89.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::192-255            5      4.76%     94.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-319            1      0.95%     95.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-447            2      1.90%     97.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::448-511            1      0.95%     98.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-575            2      1.90%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total          105                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                 11072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1920                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                  12992                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                1344                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       11.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    13.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     1.39                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                    963911000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   4303174.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl1        11072                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl1 11436002.233077747747                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl1          203                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl1           21                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl1      5427245                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl1     26735.20                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl1         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   34.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.rank1.actEnergy              628320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank1.preEnergy              330165                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank1.readEnergy            1035300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank1.writeEnergy                 0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank1.refreshEnergy    76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank1.actBackEnergy       150034830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank1.preBackEnergy       245432640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank1.totalEnergy         473676615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank1.averagePower       489.249172                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank1.totalIdleTime               0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    636506063                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    299424437                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.rank0.actEnergy              142800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank0.preEnergy               68310                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank0.readEnergy             199920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank0.writeEnergy                 0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank0.refreshEnergy    76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank0.actBackEnergy        38105070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank0.preBackEnergy       339689280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank0.totalEnergy         454420740                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank0.averagePower       469.360242                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank0.totalIdleTime               0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    882728511                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     53201989                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl6         9664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total              9664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl6         2240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total           2240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl6          151                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total                151                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl6           35                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total                35                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl6      9981713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total              9981713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl6      2313642                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total             2313642                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl6     12295355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total            12295355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl6::samples       159.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls6.priorityMinLatency     0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls6.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000451998                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls6.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls6.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls6.numStayReadState                543                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls6.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                        151                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                        35                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                      151                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                      35                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                    21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0               23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3                5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4                6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5                3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::8               58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::9               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::10               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::11               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::12               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::13               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                      8.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                     1635497                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                    650000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat                4072997                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    12580.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               31330.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                      36                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                27.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::6                  151                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::6                  35                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                    129                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples           92                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean    88.347826                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean    80.026762                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev    49.156944                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::64-95           68     73.91%     73.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::128-159           17     18.48%     92.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::192-223            4      4.35%     96.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-287            2      2.17%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::320-351            1      1.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total           92                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM                  8320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                   1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                   9664                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys                2240                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                        8.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                     9.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     2.31                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                    967442500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                   5201303.76                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl6         8320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls6.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl6 8593527.689595995471                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls6.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl6          151                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls6.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl6           35                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls6.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl6      4072997                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls6.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl6     26973.49                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls6.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl6         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   22.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6.rank1.actEnergy              514080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank1.preEnergy              273240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank1.readEnergy             664020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank1.writeEnergy                 0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank1.refreshEnergy    76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank1.actBackEnergy       140565990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank1.preBackEnergy       253406400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank1.totalEnergy         471639090                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank1.averagePower       487.144661                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank1.totalIdleTime               0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    657196066                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    278734434                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.rank0.actEnergy              157080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank0.preEnergy               75900                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank0.readEnergy             264180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank0.writeEnergy                 0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank0.refreshEnergy    76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank0.actBackEnergy        36538710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank0.preBackEnergy       341008320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank0.totalEnergy         454259550                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank0.averagePower       469.193753                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank0.totalIdleTime               0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    886179011                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     49751489                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl7         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total              9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl7         1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total           1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl7          144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total                144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl7           20                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total                20                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl7      9518985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total              9518985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl7      1322081                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total             1322081                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl7     10841066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total            10841066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl7::samples       156.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls7.priorityMinLatency     0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls7.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000547498                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls7.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls7.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls7.numStayReadState                542                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls7.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                        144                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                        20                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                      144                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                      20                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                     7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0               23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3                4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4                3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::8               59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::9               31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::10               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::11               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::12               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::13               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      0.99                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                      5.88                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                     1838248                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                    685000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat                4406998                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    13417.87                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat               32167.87                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                      39                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                28.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::6                  144                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::6                  20                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                    137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples           95                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean    90.273684                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean    80.186373                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev    58.667915                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::64-95           72     75.79%     75.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::128-159           13     13.68%     89.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::192-223            7      7.37%     96.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-287            2      2.11%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::448-479            1      1.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total           95                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM                  8768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                    448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                   9216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys                1280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                        9.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                     9.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     1.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                    958778500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                   5846210.37                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl7         8768                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls7.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl7 9056256.103651164100                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls7.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl7          144                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls7.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl7           20                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls7.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl7      4406998                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls7.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl7     30604.15                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls7.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl7         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   25.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7.rank1.actEnergy              578340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank1.preEnergy              299805                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank1.readEnergy             756840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank1.writeEnergy                 0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank1.refreshEnergy    76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank1.actBackEnergy       147803850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank1.preBackEnergy       247311360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank1.totalEnergy         472965555                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank1.averagePower       488.514735                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank1.totalIdleTime               0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    641335817                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    294594683                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.rank0.actEnergy              121380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank0.preEnergy               60720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank0.readEnergy             221340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank0.writeEnergy                 0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank0.refreshEnergy    76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank0.actBackEnergy        36928020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank0.preBackEnergy       340680480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank0.totalEnergy         454227300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank0.averagePower       469.160442                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank0.totalIdleTime               0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    885322511                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     50607989                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl4        11712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total             11712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl4         2944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total           2944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl4          183                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total                183                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl4           46                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total                46                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl4     12097043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total             12097043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl4      3040787                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total             3040787                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl4     15137830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total            15137830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl4::samples       169.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls4.priorityMinLatency     0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls4.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000449498                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls4.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls4.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls4.numStayReadState                580                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls4.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                        183                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                        46                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                      183                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                      46                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                    40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                   20                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3                4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4                3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::8               65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::9               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::10               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::11               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::12               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::13               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                      9.11                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                     1463249                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                    715000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat                4144499                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    10232.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               28982.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                      52                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                36.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::6                  183                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::6                  46                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                    142                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples           88                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   101.818182                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean    87.990770                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.973755                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::64-95           59     67.05%     67.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::128-159           16     18.18%     85.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::192-223            6      6.82%     92.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-287            5      5.68%     97.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::320-351            1      1.14%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::384-415            1      1.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total           88                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM                  9152                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                   2560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                  11712                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys                2944                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                        9.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                    12.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     3.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                    966213000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                   4219270.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl4         9152                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls4.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl4 9452880.458555595949                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls4.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl4          183                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls4.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl4           46                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls4.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl4      4144499                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls4.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl4     22647.54                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls4.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl4         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   30.77                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4.rank1.actEnergy              521220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank1.preEnergy              269445                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank1.readEnergy             792540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank1.writeEnergy                 0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank1.refreshEnergy    76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank1.actBackEnergy       151982520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank1.preBackEnergy       243792480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank1.totalEnergy         473573565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank1.averagePower       489.142734                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank1.totalIdleTime               0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    632215316                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    303715184                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.rank0.actEnergy              128520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank0.preEnergy               64515                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank0.readEnergy             228480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank0.writeEnergy                 0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank0.refreshEnergy    76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank0.actBackEnergy        38929860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank0.preBackEnergy       338994720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank0.totalEnergy         454561455                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank0.averagePower       469.505583                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank0.totalIdleTime               0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    880933262                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     54997238                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl5         9152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total              9152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl5         1920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total           1920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl5          143                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total                143                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl5           30                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total                30                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl5      9452880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total              9452880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl5      1983122                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total             1983122                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl5     11436002                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total            11436002                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl5::samples       160.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls5.priorityMinLatency     0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls5.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000482498                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls5.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls5.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls5.numStayReadState                542                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls5.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                        143                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                        30                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                      143                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                      30                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                    11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3                5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::8               57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::9               31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::10               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::11               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::12               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::13               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                      9.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                     1421249                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                    660000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat                3896249                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    10767.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               29517.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                      45                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                34.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::6                  143                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::6                  30                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                    132                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples           84                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean    97.523810                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean    85.496562                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.255161                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::64-127           57     67.86%     67.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::128-191           17     20.24%     88.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::192-255            7      8.33%     96.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-319            2      2.38%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::512-575            1      1.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total           84                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM                  8448                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                    704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                   9152                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys                1920                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                        8.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                     9.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     1.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                    965194000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                   5579156.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl5         8448                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls5.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl5 8725735.807897472754                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls5.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl5          143                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls5.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl5           30                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls5.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl5      3896249                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls5.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl5     27246.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls5.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl5         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   28.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5.rank1.actEnergy              521220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank1.preEnergy              269445                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank1.readEnergy             728280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank1.writeEnergy                 0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank1.refreshEnergy    76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank1.actBackEnergy       145269630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank1.preBackEnergy       249445440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank1.totalEnergy         472449375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank1.averagePower       487.981585                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank1.totalIdleTime               0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    646940565                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    288989935                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.rank0.actEnergy               99960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank0.preEnergy               49335                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank0.readEnergy             214200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank0.writeEnergy                 0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank0.refreshEnergy    76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank0.actBackEnergy        37645650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank0.preBackEnergy       340076160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank0.totalEnergy         454300665                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank0.averagePower       469.236219                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank0.totalIdleTime               0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    883764511                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     52165989                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.switch_cpus61.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus61.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus61.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus61.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus60.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus60.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus60.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus60.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus63.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus63.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus63.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus63.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus62.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus62.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus62.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus62.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls29.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl29         8000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls29.bytes_read::total             8000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls29.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl29          960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls29.bytes_written::total           960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls29.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl29          125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls29.num_reads::total               125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls29.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl29           15                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls29.num_writes::total               15                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls29.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl29      8263007                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls29.bw_read::total             8263007                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls29.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl29       991561                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls29.bw_write::total             991561                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls29.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl29      9254568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls29.bw_total::total            9254568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls29.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl29::samples       136.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls29.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls29.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000479998                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls29.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls29.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls29.numStayReadState               505                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls29.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls29.readReqs                       125                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls29.writeReqs                       15                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls29.readBursts                     125                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls29.writeBursts                     15                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls29.servicedByWrQ                    4                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls29.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls29.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::0               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::3               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::4               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::5               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::8              66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::9              10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::10              7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::11             18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::12              8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::13              2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.avgRdQLen                     0.99                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls29.avgWrQLen                     7.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls29.totQLat                    1488749                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls29.totBusLat                   605000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls29.totMemAccLat               3757499                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls29.avgQLat                   12303.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls29.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls29.avgMemAccLat              31053.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls29.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls29.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls29.readRowHits                     30                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls29.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls29.readRowHitRate               24.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls29.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls29.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.readPktSize::6                 125                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.writePktSize::6                 15                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::0                   121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.bytesPerActivate::samples           90                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls29.bytesPerActivate::mean    85.333333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls29.bytesPerActivate::gmean    79.610522                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls29.bytesPerActivate::stdev    35.897482                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls29.bytesPerActivate::64-79           64     71.11%     71.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls29.bytesPerActivate::128-143           22     24.44%     95.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls29.bytesPerActivate::192-207            4      4.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls29.bytesPerActivate::total           90                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls29.bytesReadDRAM                 7744                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls29.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls29.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls29.bytesReadSys                  8000                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls29.bytesWrittenSys                960                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls29.avgRdBW                       8.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls29.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls29.avgRdBWSys                    8.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls29.avgWrBWSys                    0.99                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls29.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls29.busUtil                       0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls29.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls29.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls29.totGap                   959842000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls29.avgGap                  6856014.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls29.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl29         7744                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls29.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl29 7998591.157239349559                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls29.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl29          125                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls29.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl29           15                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls29.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl29      3757499                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls29.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl29     30059.99                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls29.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl29         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls29.pageHitRate                  22.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls29.rank1.actEnergy             592620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank1.preEnergy             311190                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank1.readEnergy            792540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank1.actBackEnergy      132122010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank1.preBackEnergy      260517120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank1.totalEnergy        470550840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank1.averagePower      486.020634                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls29.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    675680821                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    260249679                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29.rank0.actEnergy              57120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank0.preEnergy              30360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank0.readEnergy             71400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank0.actBackEnergy       30436860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank0.preBackEnergy      346146720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank0.totalEnergy        452957820                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank0.averagePower      467.849227                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls29.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    899617756                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     36312744                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls28.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl28         7744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls28.bytes_read::total             7744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls28.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl28         1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls28.bytes_written::total          1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls28.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl28          121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls28.num_reads::total               121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls28.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl28           16                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls28.num_writes::total               16                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls28.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl28      7998591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls28.bw_read::total             7998591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls28.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl28      1057665                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls28.bw_write::total            1057665                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls28.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl28      9056256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls28.bw_total::total            9056256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls28.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl28::samples       132.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls28.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls28.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000509998                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls28.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls28.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls28.numStayReadState               498                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls28.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls28.readReqs                       121                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls28.writeReqs                       16                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls28.readBursts                     121                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls28.writeBursts                     16                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls28.servicedByWrQ                    4                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls28.mergedWrBursts                   1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls28.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::0               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::3               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::4               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::5               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::8              55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::9              23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::10              5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::11             17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::12              4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::13              2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.avgRdQLen                     0.99                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls28.avgWrQLen                     7.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls28.totQLat                    1689748                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls28.totBusLat                   585000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls28.totMemAccLat               3883498                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls28.avgQLat                   14442.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls28.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls28.avgMemAccLat              33192.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls28.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls28.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls28.readRowHits                     27                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls28.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls28.readRowHitRate               23.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls28.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls28.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.readPktSize::6                 121                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.writePktSize::6                 16                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::0                   116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.bytesPerActivate::samples           88                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls28.bytesPerActivate::mean    83.636364                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls28.bytesPerActivate::gmean    77.882998                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls28.bytesPerActivate::stdev    36.768984                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls28.bytesPerActivate::64-79           66     75.00%     75.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls28.bytesPerActivate::128-143           17     19.32%     94.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls28.bytesPerActivate::192-207            5      5.68%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls28.bytesPerActivate::total           88                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls28.bytesReadDRAM                 7488                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls28.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls28.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls28.bytesReadSys                  7744                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls28.bytesWrittenSys               1024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls28.avgRdBW                       7.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls28.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls28.avgRdBWSys                    8.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls28.avgWrBWSys                    1.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls28.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls28.busUtil                       0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls28.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls28.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls28.totGap                   951569000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls28.avgGap                  6945759.12                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls28.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl28         7488                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls28.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl28 7734174.920636395924                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls28.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl28          121                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls28.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl28           16                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls28.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl28      3883498                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls28.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl28     32095.02                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls28.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl28         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls28.pageHitRate                  20.45                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls28.rank1.actEnergy             578340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank1.preEnergy             299805                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank1.readEnergy            756840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank1.actBackEnergy      145584840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank1.preBackEnergy      249180000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank1.totalEnergy        472615185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank1.averagePower      488.152846                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls28.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    646200818                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    289729682                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28.rank0.actEnergy              64260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank0.preEnergy              34155                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank0.readEnergy             78540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank0.actBackEnergy       29244420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank0.preBackEnergy      347150880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank0.totalEnergy        452787615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank0.averagePower      467.673426                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls28.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    902233006                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     33697494                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls25.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl25        11136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls25.bytes_read::total            11136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls25.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl25         1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls25.bytes_written::total          1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls25.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl25          174                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls25.num_reads::total               174                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls25.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl25           20                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls25.num_writes::total               20                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls25.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl25     11502106                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls25.bw_read::total            11502106                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls25.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl25      1322081                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls25.bw_write::total            1322081                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls25.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl25     12824187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls25.bw_total::total           12824187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls25.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl25::samples       160.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls25.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls25.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000573498                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls25.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls25.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls25.numStayReadState               552                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls25.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls25.readReqs                       174                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls25.writeReqs                       20                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls25.readBursts                     174                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls25.writeBursts                     20                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls25.servicedByWrQ                   32                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls25.mergedWrBursts                   2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls25.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::0               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::3               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::4               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::5               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::8              82                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::9              40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::10              5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::11              3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::12              1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::13              1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.avgRdQLen                     0.99                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls25.avgWrQLen                     8.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls25.totQLat                    1901496                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls25.totBusLat                   710000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls25.totMemAccLat               4563996                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls25.avgQLat                   13390.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls25.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls25.avgMemAccLat              32140.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls25.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls25.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls25.readRowHits                     58                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls25.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls25.readRowHitRate               40.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls25.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls25.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.readPktSize::6                 174                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.writePktSize::6                 20                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::0                   141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.bytesPerActivate::samples           83                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls25.bytesPerActivate::mean   107.951807                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls25.bytesPerActivate::gmean    92.977084                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls25.bytesPerActivate::stdev    69.196064                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls25.bytesPerActivate::64-95           50     60.24%     60.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls25.bytesPerActivate::128-159           21     25.30%     85.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls25.bytesPerActivate::192-223            3      3.61%     89.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls25.bytesPerActivate::256-287            6      7.23%     96.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls25.bytesPerActivate::320-351            3      3.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls25.bytesPerActivate::total           83                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls25.bytesReadDRAM                 9088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls25.bytesReadWrQ                  2048                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls25.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls25.bytesReadSys                 11136                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls25.bytesWrittenSys               1280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls25.avgRdBW                       9.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls25.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls25.avgRdBWSys                   11.50                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls25.avgWrBWSys                    1.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls25.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls25.busUtil                       0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls25.busUtilRead                   0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls25.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls25.totGap                   958426500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls25.avgGap                  4940342.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls25.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl25         9088                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls25.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl25 9386776.399404857308                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls25.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl25          174                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls25.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl25           20                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls25.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl25      4563996                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls25.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl25     26229.86                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls25.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl25         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls25.pageHitRate                  36.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls25.rank1.actEnergy             549780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank1.preEnergy             288420                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank1.readEnergy            942480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank1.actBackEnergy      169064280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank1.preBackEnergy      229407840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank1.totalEnergy        476468160                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank1.averagePower      492.132491                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls25.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    594701317                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    341229183                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25.rank0.actEnergy              49980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank0.preEnergy              26565                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank0.readEnergy             71400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank0.actBackEnergy       25111920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank0.preBackEnergy      350630880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank0.totalEnergy        452106105                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank0.averagePower      466.969511                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls25.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    911295006                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     24635494                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls24.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl24         6464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls24.bytes_read::total             6464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls24.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl24         1152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls24.bytes_written::total          1152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls24.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl24          101                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls24.num_reads::total               101                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls24.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl24           18                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls24.num_writes::total               18                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls24.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl24      6676510                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls24.bw_read::total             6676510                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls24.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl24      1189873                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls24.bw_write::total            1189873                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls24.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl24      7866383                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls24.bw_total::total            7866383                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls24.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl24::samples       105.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls24.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls24.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000546998                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls24.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls24.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls24.numStayReadState               446                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls24.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls24.readReqs                       101                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls24.writeReqs                       18                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls24.readBursts                     101                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls24.writeBursts                     18                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls24.servicedByWrQ                   11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls24.mergedWrBursts                   3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls24.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::0               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::4               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::5               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::8              63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::9               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::10              5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::11              2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::12              3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::13              1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls24.avgWrQLen                     7.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls24.totQLat                    1530998                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls24.totBusLat                   450000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls24.totMemAccLat               3218498                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls24.avgQLat                   17011.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls24.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls24.avgMemAccLat              35761.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls24.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls24.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls24.readRowHits                     16                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls24.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls24.readRowHitRate               17.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls24.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls24.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.readPktSize::6                 101                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.writePktSize::6                 18                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::0                    90                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.bytesPerActivate::samples           74                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls24.bytesPerActivate::mean    77.837838                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls24.bytesPerActivate::gmean    74.059228                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls24.bytesPerActivate::stdev    28.563329                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls24.bytesPerActivate::64-79           59     79.73%     79.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls24.bytesPerActivate::128-143           14     18.92%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls24.bytesPerActivate::192-207            1      1.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls24.bytesPerActivate::total           74                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls24.bytesReadDRAM                 5760                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls24.bytesReadWrQ                   704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls24.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls24.bytesReadSys                  6464                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls24.bytesWrittenSys               1152                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls24.avgRdBW                       5.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls24.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls24.avgRdBWSys                    6.68                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls24.avgWrBWSys                    1.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls24.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls24.busUtil                       0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls24.busUtilRead                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls24.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls24.totGap                   964044000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls24.avgGap                  8101210.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls24.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl24         5760                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls24.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl24 5949365.323566458188                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls24.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl24          101                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls24.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl24           18                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls24.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl24      3218498                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls24.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl24     31866.32                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls24.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl24         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls24.pageHitRate                  15.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls24.rank1.actEnergy             485520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank1.preEnergy             258060                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank1.readEnergy            592620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank1.actBackEnergy      129470940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank1.preBackEnergy      262749600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank1.totalEnergy        469772100                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank1.averagePower      485.216292                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls24.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    681596812                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    254333688                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24.rank0.actEnergy              42840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank0.preEnergy              22770                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank0.readEnergy             49980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank0.actBackEnergy       21844110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank0.preBackEnergy      353382720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank0.totalEnergy        451557780                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank0.averagePower      466.403159                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls24.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    918476255                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     17454245                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls27.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl27         8000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls27.bytes_read::total             8000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls27.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl27         1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls27.bytes_written::total          1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls27.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl27          125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls27.num_reads::total               125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls27.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl27           20                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls27.num_writes::total               20                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls27.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl27      8263007                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls27.bw_read::total             8263007                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls27.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl27      1322081                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls27.bw_write::total            1322081                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls27.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl27      9585089                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls27.bw_total::total            9585089                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls27.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl27::samples       128.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls27.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls27.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000046250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls27.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls27.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls27.numStayReadState               494                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls27.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls27.readReqs                       125                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls27.writeReqs                       20                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls27.readBursts                     125                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls27.writeBursts                     20                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls27.servicedByWrQ                   12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls27.mergedWrBursts                   5                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls27.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::0               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::3               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::4               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::5               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::8              67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::9              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::10              6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::11              2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::12              3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::13              1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.avgRdQLen                     0.99                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls27.avgWrQLen                     6.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls27.totQLat                    1141250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls27.totBusLat                   565000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls27.totMemAccLat               3260000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls27.avgQLat                   10099.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls27.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls27.avgMemAccLat              28849.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls27.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls27.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls27.readRowHits                     31                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls27.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls27.readRowHitRate               27.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls27.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls27.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.readPktSize::6                 125                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.writePktSize::6                 20                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::0                   113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.bytesPerActivate::samples           81                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls27.bytesPerActivate::mean    88.493827                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls27.bytesPerActivate::gmean    80.401904                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls27.bytesPerActivate::stdev    48.072373                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls27.bytesPerActivate::64-95           59     72.84%     72.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls27.bytesPerActivate::128-159           16     19.75%     92.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls27.bytesPerActivate::192-223            4      4.94%     97.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls27.bytesPerActivate::256-287            1      1.23%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls27.bytesPerActivate::320-351            1      1.23%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls27.bytesPerActivate::total           81                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls27.bytesReadDRAM                 7232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls27.bytesReadWrQ                   768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls27.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls27.bytesReadSys                  8000                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls27.bytesWrittenSys               1280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls27.avgRdBW                       7.47                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls27.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls27.avgRdBWSys                    8.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls27.avgWrBWSys                    1.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls27.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls27.busUtil                       0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls27.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls27.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls27.totGap                   957158500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls27.avgGap                  6601093.10                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls27.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl27         7232                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls27.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl27 7469758.684033442289                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls27.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl27          125                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls27.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl27           20                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls27.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl27      3260000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls27.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl27     26080.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls27.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl27         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls27.pageHitRate                  24.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls27.rank1.actEnergy             535500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank1.preEnergy             280830                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank1.readEnergy            735420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank1.actBackEnergy      144627240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank1.preBackEnergy      249986400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank1.totalEnergy        472380750                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank1.averagePower      487.910704                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls27.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    648374815                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    287555685                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27.rank0.actEnergy              49980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank0.preEnergy              26565                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank0.readEnergy             71400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank0.actBackEnergy       24909000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank0.preBackEnergy      350801760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank0.totalEnergy        452074065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank0.averagePower      466.936418                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls27.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    911739256                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     24191244                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls26.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl26         9856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls26.bytes_read::total             9856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls26.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl26          704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls26.bytes_written::total           704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls26.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl26          154                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls26.num_reads::total               154                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls26.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl26           11                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls26.num_writes::total               11                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls26.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl26     10180025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls26.bw_read::total            10180025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls26.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl26       727145                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls26.bw_write::total             727145                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls26.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl26     10907170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls26.bw_total::total           10907170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls26.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl26::samples       158.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls26.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls26.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000390998                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls26.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls26.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls26.numStayReadState               553                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls26.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls26.readReqs                       154                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls26.writeReqs                       11                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls26.readBursts                     154                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls26.writeBursts                     11                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls26.servicedByWrQ                    7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls26.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls26.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::0               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::3               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::4               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::5               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::8              80                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::9              41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::10              4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::11              2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::12              7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::13              2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.avgRdQLen                     0.99                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls26.avgWrQLen                     7.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls26.totQLat                    1417749                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls26.totBusLat                   735000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls26.totMemAccLat               4173999                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls26.avgQLat                    9644.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls26.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls26.avgMemAccLat              28394.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls26.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls26.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls26.readRowHits                     59                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls26.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls26.readRowHitRate               40.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls26.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls26.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.readPktSize::6                 154                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.writePktSize::6                 11                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::0                   145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::1                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.bytesPerActivate::samples           87                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls26.bytesPerActivate::mean   106.666667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls26.bytesPerActivate::gmean    91.186123                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls26.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.261662                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls26.bytesPerActivate::64-127           54     62.07%     62.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls26.bytesPerActivate::128-191           20     22.99%     85.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls26.bytesPerActivate::192-255            9     10.34%     95.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls26.bytesPerActivate::256-319            1      1.15%     96.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls26.bytesPerActivate::384-447            2      2.30%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls26.bytesPerActivate::512-575            1      1.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls26.bytesPerActivate::total           87                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls26.bytesReadDRAM                 9408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls26.bytesReadWrQ                   448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls26.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls26.bytesReadSys                  9856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls26.bytesWrittenSys                704                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls26.avgRdBW                       9.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls26.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls26.avgRdBWSys                   10.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls26.avgWrBWSys                    0.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls26.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls26.busUtil                       0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls26.busUtilRead                   0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls26.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls26.totGap                   957877500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls26.avgGap                  5805318.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls26.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl26         9408                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls26.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl26 9717296.695158548653                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls26.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl26          154                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls26.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl26           11                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls26.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl26      4173999                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls26.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl26     27103.89                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls26.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl26         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls26.pageHitRate                  37.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls26.rank1.actEnergy             564060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank1.preEnergy             296010                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank1.readEnergy            971040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank1.actBackEnergy      165815850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank1.preBackEnergy      232143360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank1.totalEnergy        476005680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank1.averagePower      491.654807                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls26.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    601865317                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    334065183                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26.rank0.actEnergy              64260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank0.preEnergy              34155                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank0.readEnergy             78540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank0.actBackEnergy       23852220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank0.preBackEnergy      351691680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank0.totalEnergy        451936215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank0.averagePower      466.794036                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls26.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    914043007                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     21887493                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls21.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl21         6912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls21.bytes_read::total             6912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls21.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl21          896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls21.bytes_written::total           896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls21.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl21          108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls21.num_reads::total               108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls21.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl21           14                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls21.num_writes::total               14                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls21.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl21      7139238                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls21.bw_read::total             7139238                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls21.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl21       925457                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls21.bw_write::total             925457                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls21.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl21      8064695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls21.bw_total::total            8064695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls21.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl21::samples       111.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls21.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls21.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000446498                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls21.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls21.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls21.numStayReadState               456                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls21.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls21.readReqs                       108                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls21.writeReqs                       14                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls21.readBursts                     108                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls21.writeBursts                     14                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls21.servicedByWrQ                   11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls21.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls21.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::0               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::3               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::4               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::5               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::8              59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::9              12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::10              7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::11              3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::12              4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::13              1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.avgRdQLen                     0.99                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls21.avgWrQLen                     4.21                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls21.totQLat                    1334499                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls21.totBusLat                   485000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls21.totMemAccLat               3153249                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls21.avgQLat                   13757.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls21.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls21.avgMemAccLat              32507.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls21.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls21.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls21.readRowHits                     16                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls21.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls21.readRowHitRate               16.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls21.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls21.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.readPktSize::6                 108                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.writePktSize::6                 14                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::0                    97                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.bytesPerActivate::samples           81                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls21.bytesPerActivate::mean    76.641975                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls21.bytesPerActivate::gmean    73.130785                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls21.bytesPerActivate::stdev    27.564156                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls21.bytesPerActivate::64-79           66     81.48%     81.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls21.bytesPerActivate::128-143           14     17.28%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls21.bytesPerActivate::192-207            1      1.23%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls21.bytesPerActivate::total           81                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls21.bytesReadDRAM                 6208                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls21.bytesReadWrQ                   704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls21.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls21.bytesReadSys                  6912                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls21.bytesWrittenSys                896                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls21.avgRdBW                       6.41                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls21.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls21.avgRdBWSys                    7.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls21.avgWrBWSys                    0.93                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls21.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls21.busUtil                       0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls21.busUtilRead                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls21.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls21.totGap                   957896000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls21.avgGap                  7851606.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls21.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl21         6208                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls21.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl21 6412093.737621627748                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls21.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl21          108                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls21.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl21           14                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls21.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl21      3153249                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls21.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl21     29196.75                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls21.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl21         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls21.pageHitRate                  14.41                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls21.rank1.actEnergy             514080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank1.preEnergy             273240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank1.readEnergy            614040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank1.actBackEnergy      143580150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank1.preBackEnergy      250868160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank1.totalEnergy        472065030                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank1.averagePower      487.584604                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls21.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    650584318                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    285346182                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21.rank0.actEnergy              64260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank0.preEnergy              34155                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank0.readEnergy             78540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank0.actBackEnergy       24598920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank0.preBackEnergy      351062880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank0.totalEnergy        452054115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank0.averagePower      466.915812                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls21.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    912389509                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     23540991                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls20.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl20         9536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls20.bytes_read::total             9536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls20.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl20          960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls20.bytes_written::total           960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls20.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl20          149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls20.num_reads::total               149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls20.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl20           15                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls20.num_writes::total               15                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls20.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl20      9849505                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls20.bw_read::total             9849505                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls20.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl20       991561                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls20.bw_write::total             991561                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls20.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl20     10841066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls20.bw_total::total           10841066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls20.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl20::samples       149.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls20.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls20.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000463998                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls20.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls20.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls20.numStayReadState               535                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls20.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls20.readReqs                       149                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls20.writeReqs                       15                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls20.readBursts                     149                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls20.writeBursts                     15                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls20.servicedByWrQ                   13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls20.mergedWrBursts                   2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls20.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::0              31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::3               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::4               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::5               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::8              68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::9              13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::10              7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::11              4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::12              4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::13              1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.avgRdQLen                     0.99                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls20.avgWrQLen                     4.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls20.totQLat                    1727496                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls20.totBusLat                   680000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls20.totMemAccLat               4277496                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls20.avgQLat                   12702.18                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls20.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls20.avgMemAccLat              31452.18                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls20.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls20.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls20.readRowHits                     43                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls20.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls20.readRowHitRate               31.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls20.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls20.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.readPktSize::6                 149                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.writePktSize::6                 15                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::0                   135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.bytesPerActivate::samples           92                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls20.bytesPerActivate::mean    93.217391                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls20.bytesPerActivate::gmean    82.380826                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls20.bytesPerActivate::stdev    58.804916                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls20.bytesPerActivate::64-95           67     72.83%     72.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls20.bytesPerActivate::128-159           15     16.30%     89.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls20.bytesPerActivate::192-223            5      5.43%     94.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls20.bytesPerActivate::256-287            4      4.35%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls20.bytesPerActivate::384-415            1      1.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls20.bytesPerActivate::total           92                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls20.bytesReadDRAM                 8704                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls20.bytesReadWrQ                   832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls20.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls20.bytesReadSys                  9536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls20.bytesWrittenSys                960                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls20.avgRdBW                       8.99                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls20.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls20.avgRdBWSys                    9.85                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls20.avgWrBWSys                    0.99                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls20.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls20.busUtil                       0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls20.busUtilRead                   0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls20.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls20.totGap                   956397000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls20.avgGap                  5831689.02                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls20.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl20         8704                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls20.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl20 8990152.044500425458                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls20.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl20          149                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls20.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl20           15                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls20.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl20      4277496                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls20.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl20     28708.03                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls20.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl20         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls20.pageHitRate                  28.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls20.rank1.actEnergy             549780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank1.preEnergy             292215                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank1.readEnergy            692580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank1.actBackEnergy      159272820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank1.preBackEnergy      237653280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank1.totalEnergy        474676035                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank1.averagePower      490.281448                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls20.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    616167566                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    319762934                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20.rank0.actEnergy             114240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank0.preEnergy              56925                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank0.readEnergy            278460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank0.actBackEnergy       39288960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank0.preBackEnergy      338692320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank0.totalEnergy        454646265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank0.averagePower      469.593181                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls20.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    880160510                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     55769990                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls23.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl23         8448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls23.bytes_read::total             8448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls23.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl23          832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls23.bytes_written::total           832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls23.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl23          132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls23.num_reads::total               132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls23.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl23           13                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls23.num_writes::total               13                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls23.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl23      8725736                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls23.bw_read::total             8725736                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls23.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl23       859353                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls23.bw_write::total             859353                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls23.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl23      9585089                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls23.bw_total::total            9585089                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls23.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl23::samples       138.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls23.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls23.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000538498                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls23.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls23.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls23.numStayReadState               511                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls23.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls23.readReqs                       132                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls23.writeReqs                       13                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls23.readBursts                     132                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls23.writeBursts                     13                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls23.servicedByWrQ                    7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls23.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls23.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::0               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::3               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::4               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::5               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::8              52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::9              46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::10              9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::11              4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::12              3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::13              2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.avgRdQLen                     0.99                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls23.avgWrQLen                     5.18                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls23.totQLat                    1463248                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls23.totBusLat                   625000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls23.totMemAccLat               3806998                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls23.avgQLat                   11705.98                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls23.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls23.avgMemAccLat              30455.98                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls23.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls23.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls23.readRowHits                     48                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls23.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls23.readRowHitRate               38.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls23.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls23.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.readPktSize::6                 132                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.writePktSize::6                 13                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::0                   125                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.bytesPerActivate::samples           75                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls23.bytesPerActivate::mean   104.106667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls23.bytesPerActivate::gmean    89.860112                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls23.bytesPerActivate::stdev    68.003095                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls23.bytesPerActivate::64-95           48     64.00%     64.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls23.bytesPerActivate::128-159           17     22.67%     86.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls23.bytesPerActivate::192-223            3      4.00%     90.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls23.bytesPerActivate::256-287            4      5.33%     96.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls23.bytesPerActivate::320-351            3      4.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls23.bytesPerActivate::total           75                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls23.bytesReadDRAM                 8000                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls23.bytesReadWrQ                   448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls23.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls23.bytesReadSys                  8448                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls23.bytesWrittenSys                832                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls23.avgRdBW                       8.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls23.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls23.avgRdBWSys                    8.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls23.avgWrBWSys                    0.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls23.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls23.busUtil                       0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls23.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls23.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls23.totGap                   961562500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls23.avgGap                  6631465.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls23.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl23         8000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls23.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl23 8263007.393842303194                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls23.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl23          132                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls23.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl23           13                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls23.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl23      3806998                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls23.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl23     28840.89                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls23.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl23         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls23.pageHitRate                  34.78                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls23.rank1.actEnergy             499800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank1.preEnergy             258060                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank1.readEnergy            828240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank1.actBackEnergy      152399190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank1.preBackEnergy      243441600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank1.totalEnergy        473642250                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank1.averagePower      489.213677                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls23.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    631362811                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    304567689                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23.rank0.actEnergy              49980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank0.preEnergy              26565                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank0.readEnergy             64260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank0.actBackEnergy       23947980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank0.preBackEnergy      351611040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank0.totalEnergy        451915185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank0.averagePower      466.772314                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls23.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    913845257                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     22085243                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls22.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl22         9024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls22.bytes_read::total             9024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls22.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl22         1856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls22.bytes_written::total          1856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls22.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl22          141                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls22.num_reads::total               141                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls22.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl22           29                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls22.num_writes::total               29                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls22.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl22      9320672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls22.bw_read::total             9320672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls22.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl22      1917018                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls22.bw_write::total            1917018                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls22.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl22     11237690                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls22.bw_total::total           11237690                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls22.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl22::samples       120.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls22.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls22.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000466998                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls22.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls22.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls22.numStayReadState               487                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls22.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls22.readReqs                       141                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls22.writeReqs                       29                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls22.readBursts                     141                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls22.writeBursts                     29                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls22.servicedByWrQ                   36                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls22.mergedWrBursts                  14                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls22.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::0               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::3               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::4               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::5               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::8              51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::9              25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::10             10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::11              4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::12              5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::13              2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.avgRdQLen                     0.99                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls22.avgWrQLen                     5.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls22.totQLat                    1289749                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls22.totBusLat                   525000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls22.totMemAccLat               3258499                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls22.avgQLat                   12283.32                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls22.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls22.avgMemAccLat              31033.32                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls22.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls22.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls22.readRowHits                     27                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls22.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls22.readRowHitRate               25.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls22.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls22.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.readPktSize::6                 141                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.writePktSize::6                 29                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::0                   104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.bytesPerActivate::samples           77                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls22.bytesPerActivate::mean    86.441558                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls22.bytesPerActivate::gmean    79.380451                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls22.bytesPerActivate::stdev    42.511452                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls22.bytesPerActivate::64-95           57     74.03%     74.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls22.bytesPerActivate::128-159           14     18.18%     92.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls22.bytesPerActivate::192-223            5      6.49%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls22.bytesPerActivate::256-287            1      1.30%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls22.bytesPerActivate::total           77                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls22.bytesReadDRAM                 6720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls22.bytesReadWrQ                  2304                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls22.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls22.bytesReadSys                  9024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls22.bytesWrittenSys               1856                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls22.avgRdBW                       6.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls22.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls22.avgRdBWSys                    9.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls22.avgWrBWSys                    1.92                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls22.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls22.busUtil                       0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls22.busUtilRead                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls22.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls22.totGap                   961063500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls22.avgGap                  5653314.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls22.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl22         6720                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls22.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl22 6940926.210827535018                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls22.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl22          141                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls22.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl22           29                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls22.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl22      3258499                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls22.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl22     23109.92                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls22.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl22         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls22.pageHitRate                  22.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls22.rank1.actEnergy             514080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank1.preEnergy             269445                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank1.readEnergy            692580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank1.actBackEnergy      137174490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank1.preBackEnergy      256262400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank1.totalEnergy        471128355                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank1.averagePower      486.617135                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls22.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    664782310                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    271148190                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22.rank0.actEnergy              42840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank0.preEnergy              22770                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank0.readEnergy             57120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank0.actBackEnergy       22800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank0.preBackEnergy      352577760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank0.totalEnergy        451715850                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank0.averagePower      466.566426                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls22.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    916392505                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     19537995                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu8.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu8.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu9.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu9.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls32.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl32        12608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls32.bytes_read::total            12608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls32.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl32         2112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls32.bytes_written::total          2112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls32.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl32          197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls32.num_reads::total               197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls32.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl32           33                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls32.num_writes::total               33                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls32.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl32     13022500                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls32.bw_read::total            13022500                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls32.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl32      2181434                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls32.bw_write::total            2181434                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls32.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl32     15203934                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls32.bw_total::total           15203934                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls32.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl32::samples       150.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls32.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls32.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000472998                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls32.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls32.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls32.numStayReadState               553                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls32.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls32.readReqs                       197                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls32.writeReqs                       33                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls32.readBursts                     197                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls32.writeBursts                     33                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls32.servicedByWrQ                   61                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls32.mergedWrBursts                  19                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls32.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::0               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::3               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::4               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::5               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::8              59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::9              45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::10              9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::11              4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::12              6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::13              1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls32.avgWrQLen                     6.80                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls32.totQLat                    1890496                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls32.totBusLat                   680000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls32.totMemAccLat               4440496                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls32.avgQLat                   13900.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls32.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls32.avgMemAccLat              32650.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls32.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls32.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls32.readRowHits                     46                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls32.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls32.readRowHitRate               33.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls32.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls32.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.readPktSize::6                 197                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.writePktSize::6                 33                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::0                   134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::1                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.bytesPerActivate::samples           89                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls32.bytesPerActivate::mean    97.078652                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls32.bytesPerActivate::gmean    84.948584                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls32.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.924011                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls32.bytesPerActivate::64-95           60     67.42%     67.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls32.bytesPerActivate::128-159           23     25.84%     93.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls32.bytesPerActivate::192-223            1      1.12%     94.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls32.bytesPerActivate::256-287            1      1.12%     95.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls32.bytesPerActivate::320-351            3      3.37%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls32.bytesPerActivate::448-479            1      1.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls32.bytesPerActivate::total           89                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls32.bytesReadDRAM                 8704                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls32.bytesReadWrQ                  3904                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls32.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls32.bytesReadSys                 12608                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls32.bytesWrittenSys               2112                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls32.avgRdBW                       8.99                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls32.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls32.avgRdBWSys                   13.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls32.avgWrBWSys                    2.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls32.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls32.busUtil                       0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls32.busUtilRead                   0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls32.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls32.totGap                   963843000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls32.avgGap                  4190621.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls32.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl32         8704                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls32.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl32 8990152.044500425458                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls32.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl32          197                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls32.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl32           33                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls32.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl32      4440496                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls32.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl32     22540.59                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls32.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl32         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls32.pageHitRate                  30.67                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls32.rank1.actEnergy             571200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank1.preEnergy             303600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank1.readEnergy            885360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank1.actBackEnergy      148134450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank1.preBackEnergy      247032960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank1.totalEnergy        473142930                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank1.averagePower      488.697941                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls32.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    640623064                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    295307436                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32.rank0.actEnergy              71400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank0.preEnergy              34155                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank0.readEnergy             85680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank0.actBackEnergy       30110250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank0.preBackEnergy      346421760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank0.totalEnergy        452938605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank0.averagePower      467.829380                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls32.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    900306007                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     35624493                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls33.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl33        11008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls33.bytes_read::total            11008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls33.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl33         1216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls33.bytes_written::total          1216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls33.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl33          172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls33.num_reads::total               172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls33.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl33           19                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls33.num_writes::total               19                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls33.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl33     11369898                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls33.bw_read::total            11369898                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls33.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl33      1255977                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls33.bw_write::total            1255977                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls33.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl33     12625875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls33.bw_total::total           12625875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls33.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl33::samples       166.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls33.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls33.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000548998                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls33.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls33.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls33.numStayReadState               565                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls33.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls33.readReqs                       172                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls33.writeReqs                       19                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls33.readBursts                     172                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls33.writeBursts                     19                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls33.servicedByWrQ                   23                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls33.mergedWrBursts                   2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls33.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::0               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::3               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::4               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::5               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::8              67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::9              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::10             24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::11              5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::12              6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::13              2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.avgRdQLen                     0.99                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls33.avgWrQLen                     7.77                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls33.totQLat                    2426245                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls33.totBusLat                   745000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls33.totMemAccLat               5219995                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls33.avgQLat                   16283.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls33.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls33.avgMemAccLat              35033.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls33.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls33.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls33.readRowHits                     43                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls33.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls33.readRowHitRate               28.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls33.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls33.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.readPktSize::6                 172                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.writePktSize::6                 19                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::0                   147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::1                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.bytesPerActivate::samples          102                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls33.bytesPerActivate::mean    90.980392                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls33.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.634976                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls33.bytesPerActivate::stdev    53.611544                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls33.bytesPerActivate::64-95           73     71.57%     71.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls33.bytesPerActivate::128-159           22     21.57%     93.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls33.bytesPerActivate::192-223            2      1.96%     95.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls33.bytesPerActivate::256-287            3      2.94%     98.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls33.bytesPerActivate::320-351            2      1.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls33.bytesPerActivate::total          102                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls33.bytesReadDRAM                 9536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls33.bytesReadWrQ                  1472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls33.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls33.bytesReadSys                 11008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls33.bytesWrittenSys               1216                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls33.avgRdBW                       9.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls33.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls33.avgRdBWSys                   11.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls33.avgWrBWSys                    1.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls33.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls33.busUtil                       0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls33.busUtilRead                   0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls33.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls33.totGap                   958202500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls33.avgGap                  5016767.02                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls33.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl33         9536                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls33.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl33 9849504.813460025936                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls33.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl33          172                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls33.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl33           19                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls33.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl33      5219995                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls33.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl33     30348.81                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls33.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl33         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls33.pageHitRate                  25.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls33.rank1.actEnergy             671160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank1.preEnergy             345345                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank1.readEnergy            971040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank1.actBackEnergy      153709620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank1.preBackEnergy      242338080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank1.totalEnergy        474250605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank1.averagePower      489.842032                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls33.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    628337820                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    307592680                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33.rank0.actEnergy              85680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank0.preEnergy              41745                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank0.readEnergy             92820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank0.actBackEnergy       33321630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank0.preBackEnergy      343717440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank0.totalEnergy        453474675                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank0.averagePower      468.383074                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls33.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    893235009                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     42695491                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls30.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl30         8896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls30.bytes_read::total             8896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls30.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl30         1344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls30.bytes_written::total          1344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls30.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl30          139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls30.num_reads::total               139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls30.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl30           21                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls30.num_writes::total               21                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls30.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl30      9188464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls30.bw_read::total             9188464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls30.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl30      1388185                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls30.bw_write::total            1388185                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls30.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl30     10576649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls30.bw_total::total           10576649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls30.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl30::samples       152.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls30.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls30.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000536498                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls30.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls30.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls30.numStayReadState               535                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls30.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls30.readReqs                       139                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls30.writeReqs                       21                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls30.readBursts                     139                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls30.writeBursts                     21                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls30.servicedByWrQ                    6                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls30.mergedWrBursts                   2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls30.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::0               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::3               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::4               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::5               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::8              74                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::9              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::10              6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::11             19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::12              6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::13              1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.avgRdQLen                     0.99                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls30.avgWrQLen                     7.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls30.totQLat                    1821498                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls30.totBusLat                   665000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls30.totMemAccLat               4315248                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls30.avgQLat                   13695.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls30.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls30.avgMemAccLat              32445.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls30.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls30.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls30.readRowHits                     36                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls30.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls30.readRowHitRate               27.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls30.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls30.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.readPktSize::6                 139                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.writePktSize::6                 21                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::0                   133                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.bytesPerActivate::samples           97                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls30.bytesPerActivate::mean    87.752577                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls30.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.557200                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls30.bytesPerActivate::stdev    37.317621                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls30.bytesPerActivate::64-79           66     68.04%     68.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls30.bytesPerActivate::128-143           26     26.80%     94.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls30.bytesPerActivate::192-207            5      5.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls30.bytesPerActivate::total           97                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls30.bytesReadDRAM                 8512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls30.bytesReadWrQ                   384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls30.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls30.bytesReadSys                  8896                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls30.bytesWrittenSys               1344                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls30.avgRdBW                       8.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls30.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls30.avgRdBWSys                    9.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls30.avgWrBWSys                    1.39                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls30.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls30.busUtil                       0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls30.busUtilRead                   0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls30.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls30.totGap                   957764500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls30.avgGap                  5986028.12                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls30.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl30         8512                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls30.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl30 8791839.867048211396                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls30.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl30          139                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls30.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl30           21                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls30.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl30      4315248                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls30.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl30     31044.95                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls30.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl30         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls30.pageHitRate                  23.68                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls30.rank1.actEnergy             635460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank1.preEnergy             337755                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank1.readEnergy            863940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank1.actBackEnergy      141763560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank1.preBackEnergy      252397920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank1.totalEnergy        472213995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank1.averagePower      487.738467                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls30.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    654522817                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    281407683                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30.rank0.actEnergy              57120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank0.preEnergy              30360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank0.readEnergy             85680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank0.actBackEnergy       27953370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank0.preBackEnergy      348238080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank0.totalEnergy        452579970                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank0.averagePower      467.458955                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls30.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    905064507                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     30865993                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls31.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl31         8512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls31.bytes_read::total             8512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls31.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl31         1216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls31.bytes_written::total          1216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls31.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl31          133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls31.num_reads::total               133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls31.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl31           19                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls31.num_writes::total               19                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls31.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl31      8791840                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls31.bw_read::total             8791840                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls31.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl31      1255977                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls31.bw_write::total            1255977                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls31.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl31     10047817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls31.bw_total::total           10047817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls31.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl31::samples       135.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls31.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls31.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000484498                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls31.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls31.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls31.numStayReadState               505                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls31.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls31.readReqs                       133                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls31.writeReqs                       19                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls31.readBursts                     133                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls31.writeBursts                     19                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls31.servicedByWrQ                   14                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls31.mergedWrBursts                   3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls31.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::0               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::3               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::4               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::5               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::8              71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::9               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::10              5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::11             19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::12              5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::13              2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.avgRdQLen                     0.99                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls31.avgWrQLen                     7.20                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls31.totQLat                    2019995                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls31.totBusLat                   595000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls31.totMemAccLat               4251245                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls31.avgQLat                   16974.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls31.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls31.avgMemAccLat              35724.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls31.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls31.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls31.readRowHits                     28                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls31.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls31.readRowHitRate               23.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls31.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls31.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.readPktSize::6                 133                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.writePktSize::6                 19                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::0                   119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.bytesPerActivate::samples           90                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls31.bytesPerActivate::mean    83.911111                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls31.bytesPerActivate::gmean    78.041274                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls31.bytesPerActivate::stdev    37.947227                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls31.bytesPerActivate::64-95           67     74.44%     74.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls31.bytesPerActivate::128-159           19     21.11%     95.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls31.bytesPerActivate::192-223            3      3.33%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls31.bytesPerActivate::256-287            1      1.11%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls31.bytesPerActivate::total           90                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls31.bytesReadDRAM                 7616                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls31.bytesReadWrQ                   896                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls31.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls31.bytesReadSys                  8512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls31.bytesWrittenSys               1216                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls31.avgRdBW                       7.87                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls31.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls31.avgRdBWSys                    8.79                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls31.avgWrBWSys                    1.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls31.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls31.busUtil                       0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls31.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls31.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls31.totGap                   953915500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls31.avgGap                  6275759.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls31.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl31         7616                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls31.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl31 7866383.038937873207                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls31.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl31          133                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls31.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl31           19                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls31.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl31      4251245                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls31.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl31     31964.25                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls31.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl31         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls31.pageHitRate                  20.74                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls31.rank1.actEnergy             606900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank1.preEnergy             318780                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank1.readEnergy            785400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank1.actBackEnergy      159227220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank1.preBackEnergy      237691680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank1.totalEnergy        474845340                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank1.averagePower      490.456319                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls31.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    616204069                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    319726431                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31.rank0.actEnergy              42840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank0.preEnergy              22770                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank0.readEnergy             64260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank0.actBackEnergy       26876640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank0.preBackEnergy      349144800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank0.totalEnergy        452366670                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank0.averagePower      467.238642                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls31.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    907452755                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     28477745                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls36.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl36         7104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls36.bytes_read::total             7104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls36.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl36         1152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls36.bytes_written::total          1152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls36.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl36          111                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls36.num_reads::total               111                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls36.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl36           18                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls36.num_writes::total               18                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls36.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl36      7337551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls36.bw_read::total             7337551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls36.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl36      1189873                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls36.bw_write::total            1189873                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls36.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl36      8527424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls36.bw_total::total            8527424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls36.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl36::samples       117.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls36.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls36.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000528998                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls36.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls36.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls36.numStayReadState               468                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls36.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls36.readReqs                       111                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls36.writeReqs                       18                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls36.readBursts                     111                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls36.writeBursts                     18                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls36.servicedByWrQ                   10                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls36.mergedWrBursts                   2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls36.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::0               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::3               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::4               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::8              64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::9               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::10              5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::11              3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::12              9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::13              1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.avgRdQLen                     0.99                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls36.avgWrQLen                     7.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls36.totQLat                    2067246                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls36.totBusLat                   505000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls36.totMemAccLat               3960996                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls36.avgQLat                   20467.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls36.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls36.avgMemAccLat              39217.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls36.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls36.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls36.readRowHits                     18                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls36.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls36.readRowHitRate               17.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls36.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls36.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.readPktSize::6                 111                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.writePktSize::6                 18                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::0                   101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.bytesPerActivate::samples           83                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls36.bytesPerActivate::mean    77.879518                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls36.bytesPerActivate::gmean    73.867434                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls36.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.065537                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls36.bytesPerActivate::64-79           67     80.72%     80.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls36.bytesPerActivate::128-143           14     16.87%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls36.bytesPerActivate::192-207            2      2.41%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls36.bytesPerActivate::total           83                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls36.bytesReadDRAM                 6464                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls36.bytesReadWrQ                   640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls36.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls36.bytesReadSys                  7104                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls36.bytesWrittenSys               1152                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls36.avgRdBW                       6.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls36.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls36.avgRdBWSys                    7.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls36.avgWrBWSys                    1.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls36.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls36.busUtil                       0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls36.busUtilRead                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls36.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls36.totGap                   946549000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls36.avgGap                  7337589.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls36.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl36         6464                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls36.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl36 6676509.974224581383                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls36.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl36          111                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls36.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl36           18                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls36.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl36      3960996                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls36.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl36     35684.65                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls36.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl36         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls36.pageHitRate                  15.38                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls36.rank1.actEnergy             521220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank1.preEnergy             277035                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank1.readEnergy            642600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank1.actBackEnergy      147449310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank1.preBackEnergy      247609920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank1.totalEnergy        472715445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank1.averagePower      488.256402                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls36.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    642103815                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    293826685                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36.rank0.actEnergy              71400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank0.preEnergy              37950                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank0.readEnergy             78540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank0.actBackEnergy       33656220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank0.preBackEnergy      343435680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank0.totalEnergy        453495150                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank0.averagePower      468.404222                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls36.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    892515508                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     43414992                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls37.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl37         7808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls37.bytes_read::total             7808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls37.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl37         1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls37.bytes_written::total          1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls37.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl37          122                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls37.num_reads::total               122                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls37.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl37           16                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls37.num_writes::total               16                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls37.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl37      8064695                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls37.bw_read::total             8064695                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls37.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl37      1057665                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls37.bw_write::total            1057665                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls37.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl37      9122360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls37.bw_total::total            9122360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls37.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl37::samples       130.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls37.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls37.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000440498                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls37.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls37.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls37.numStayReadState               496                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls37.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls37.readReqs                       122                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls37.writeReqs                       16                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls37.readBursts                     122                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls37.writeBursts                     16                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls37.servicedByWrQ                    6                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls37.mergedWrBursts                   2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls37.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::0               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::3               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::4               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::5               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::8              66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::9              22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::10              5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::11              3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::12              7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::13              1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.avgRdQLen                     0.99                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls37.avgWrQLen                     6.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls37.totQLat                    1510249                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls37.totBusLat                   580000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls37.totMemAccLat               3685249                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls37.avgQLat                   13019.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls37.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls37.avgMemAccLat              31769.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls37.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls37.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls37.readRowHits                     22                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls37.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls37.readRowHitRate               18.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls37.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls37.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.readPktSize::6                 122                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.writePktSize::6                 16                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::0                   115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.bytesPerActivate::samples           93                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls37.bytesPerActivate::mean    79.139785                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls37.bytesPerActivate::gmean    74.246201                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls37.bytesPerActivate::stdev    34.539703                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls37.bytesPerActivate::64-79           76     81.72%     81.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls37.bytesPerActivate::128-143           12     12.90%     94.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls37.bytesPerActivate::192-207            5      5.38%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls37.bytesPerActivate::total           93                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls37.bytesReadDRAM                 7424                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls37.bytesReadWrQ                   384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls37.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls37.bytesReadSys                  7808                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls37.bytesWrittenSys               1024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls37.avgRdBW                       7.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls37.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls37.avgRdBWSys                    8.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls37.avgWrBWSys                    1.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls37.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls37.busUtil                       0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls37.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls37.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls37.totGap                   954543000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls37.avgGap                  6916978.26                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls37.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl37         7424                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls37.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl37 7668070.861485657282                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls37.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl37          122                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls37.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl37           16                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls37.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl37      3685249                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls37.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl37     30206.96                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls37.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl37         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls37.pageHitRate                  16.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls37.rank1.actEnergy             599760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank1.preEnergy             314985                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank1.readEnergy            742560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank1.actBackEnergy      149015670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank1.preBackEnergy      246290880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank1.totalEnergy        473179215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank1.averagePower      488.735419                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls37.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    638635571                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    297294929                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37.rank0.actEnergy              71400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank0.preEnergy              37950                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank0.readEnergy             85680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank0.actBackEnergy       25395780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank0.preBackEnergy      350391840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank0.totalEnergy        452198010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank0.averagePower      467.064438                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls37.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    910641509                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     25288991                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu49.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu49.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu49.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu49.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu49.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu48.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu48.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu48.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu48.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu48.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu47.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu47.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu47.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu47.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu47.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu46.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu46.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu46.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu46.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu46.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu45.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu45.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu45.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu45.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu45.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu44.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu44.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu44.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu44.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu44.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu42.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu42.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu42.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu42.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu42.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu41.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu41.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu41.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu41.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu41.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu40.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu40.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu40.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu40.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu40.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls47.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl47         8832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls47.bytes_read::total             8832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls47.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl47         1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls47.bytes_written::total          1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls47.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl47          138                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls47.num_reads::total               138                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls47.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl47           16                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls47.num_writes::total               16                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls47.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl47      9122360                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls47.bw_read::total             9122360                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls47.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl47      1057665                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls47.bw_write::total            1057665                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls47.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl47     10180025                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls47.bw_total::total           10180025                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls47.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl47::samples       146.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls47.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls47.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000162498                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls47.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls47.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls47.numStayReadState               526                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls47.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls47.readReqs                       138                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls47.writeReqs                       16                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls47.readBursts                     138                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls47.writeBursts                     16                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls47.servicedByWrQ                    7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls47.mergedWrBursts                   1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls47.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::0               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::3               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::4               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::8              59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::9              41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::10              8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::11              4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::12              7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::13              1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls47.avgWrQLen                     8.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls47.totQLat                    1278249                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls47.totBusLat                   655000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls47.totMemAccLat               3734499                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls47.avgQLat                    9757.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls47.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls47.avgMemAccLat              28507.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls47.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls47.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls47.readRowHits                     46                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls47.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls47.readRowHitRate               35.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls47.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls47.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.readPktSize::6                 138                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.writePktSize::6                 16                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::0                   129                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::1                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.bytesPerActivate::samples           84                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls47.bytesPerActivate::mean    99.047619                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls47.bytesPerActivate::gmean    84.105355                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls47.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.213193                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls47.bytesPerActivate::64-95           61     72.62%     72.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls47.bytesPerActivate::128-159           14     16.67%     89.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls47.bytesPerActivate::192-223            2      2.38%     91.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls47.bytesPerActivate::256-287            4      4.76%     96.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls47.bytesPerActivate::320-351            1      1.19%     97.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls47.bytesPerActivate::448-479            2      2.38%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls47.bytesPerActivate::total           84                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls47.bytesReadDRAM                 8384                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls47.bytesReadWrQ                   448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls47.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls47.bytesReadSys                  8832                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls47.bytesWrittenSys               1024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls47.avgRdBW                       8.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls47.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls47.avgRdBWSys                    9.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls47.avgWrBWSys                    1.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls47.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls47.busUtil                       0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls47.busUtilRead                   0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls47.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls47.totGap                   966449000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls47.avgGap                  6275642.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls47.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl47         8384                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls47.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl47 8659631.748746734113                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls47.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl47          138                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls47.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl47           16                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls47.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl47      3734499                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls47.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl47     27061.59                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls47.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl47         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls47.pageHitRate                  31.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls47.rank1.actEnergy             535500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank1.preEnergy             280830                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank1.readEnergy            856800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank1.actBackEnergy      138997920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank1.preBackEnergy      254726880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank1.totalEnergy        471613290                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank1.averagePower      487.118013                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls47.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    660720314                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    275210186                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47.rank0.actEnergy              71400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank0.preEnergy              37950                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank0.readEnergy             78540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank0.actBackEnergy       34501530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank0.preBackEnergy      342723840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank0.totalEnergy        453628620                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank0.averagePower      468.542080                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls47.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    890672758                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     45257742                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls46.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl46         8256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls46.bytes_read::total             8256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls46.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl46         1088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls46.bytes_written::total          1088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls46.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl46          129                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls46.num_reads::total               129                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls46.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl46           17                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls46.num_writes::total               17                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls46.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl46      8527424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls46.bw_read::total             8527424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls46.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl46      1123769                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls46.bw_write::total            1123769                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls46.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl46      9651193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls46.bw_total::total            9651193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls46.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl46::samples       137.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls46.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls46.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000484998                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls46.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls46.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls46.numStayReadState               507                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls46.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls46.readReqs                       129                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls46.writeReqs                       17                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls46.readBursts                     129                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls46.writeBursts                     17                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls46.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls46.mergedWrBursts                   1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls46.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::0               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::3               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::4               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::5               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::8              61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::9              27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::10              9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::11              4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::12              8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::13              2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls46.avgWrQLen                     9.69                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls46.totQLat                    1925496                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls46.totBusLat                   605000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls46.totMemAccLat               4194246                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls46.avgQLat                   15913.19                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls46.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls46.avgMemAccLat              34663.19                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls46.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls46.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls46.readRowHits                     31                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls46.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls46.readRowHitRate               25.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls46.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls46.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.readPktSize::6                 129                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.writePktSize::6                 17                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::0                   119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::1                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.bytesPerActivate::samples           88                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls46.bytesPerActivate::mean    86.545455                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls46.bytesPerActivate::gmean    79.378705                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls46.bytesPerActivate::stdev    43.439192                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls46.bytesPerActivate::64-95           65     73.86%     73.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls46.bytesPerActivate::128-159           17     19.32%     93.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls46.bytesPerActivate::192-223            4      4.55%     97.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls46.bytesPerActivate::256-287            2      2.27%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls46.bytesPerActivate::total           88                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls46.bytesReadDRAM                 7744                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls46.bytesReadWrQ                   512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls46.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls46.bytesReadSys                  8256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls46.bytesWrittenSys               1088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls46.avgRdBW                       8.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls46.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls46.avgRdBWSys                    8.53                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls46.avgWrBWSys                    1.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls46.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls46.busUtil                       0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls46.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls46.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls46.totGap                   966990000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls46.avgGap                  6623219.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls46.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl46         7744                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls46.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl46 7998591.157239349559                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls46.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl46          129                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls46.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl46           17                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls46.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl46      4194246                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls46.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl46     32513.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls46.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl46         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls46.pageHitRate                  22.63                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls46.rank1.actEnergy             578340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank1.preEnergy             299805                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank1.readEnergy            792540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank1.actBackEnergy      143947800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank1.preBackEnergy      250558560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank1.totalEnergy        472392405                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank1.averagePower      487.922742                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls46.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    649817816                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    286112684                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46.rank0.actEnergy              64260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank0.preEnergy              34155                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank0.readEnergy             71400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank0.actBackEnergy       29129850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank0.preBackEnergy      347247360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank0.totalEnergy        452762385                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank0.averagePower      467.647367                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls46.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    902457755                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     33472745                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus47.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus47.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus47.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus47.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus46.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus46.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus46.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus46.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus45.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus45.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus45.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus45.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus44.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus44.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus44.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus44.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus43.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus43.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus43.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus43.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus42.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus42.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus42.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus42.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus41.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus41.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus41.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus41.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus40.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus40.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus40.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus40.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus49.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus49.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus49.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus49.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus48.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus48.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus48.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus48.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu58.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu58.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu58.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu58.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu58.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu59.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu59.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu59.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu59.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu59.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls45.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl45         8960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls45.bytes_read::total             8960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls45.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl45         1152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls45.bytes_written::total          1152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls45.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl45          140                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls45.num_reads::total               140                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls45.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl45           18                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls45.num_writes::total               18                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls45.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl45      9254568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls45.bw_read::total             9254568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls45.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl45      1189873                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls45.bw_write::total            1189873                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls45.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl45     10444441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls45.bw_total::total           10444441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls45.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl45::samples       143.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls45.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls45.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000065250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls45.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls45.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls45.numStayReadState               517                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls45.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls45.readReqs                       140                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls45.writeReqs                       18                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls45.readBursts                     140                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls45.writeBursts                     18                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls45.servicedByWrQ                   14                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls45.mergedWrBursts                   1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls45.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::0               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::3              19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::4               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::8              55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::9              23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::10              9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::11              4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::12              9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::13              1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls45.avgWrQLen                     7.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls45.totQLat                    1328750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls45.totBusLat                   630000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls45.totMemAccLat               3691250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls45.avgQLat                   10545.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls45.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls45.avgMemAccLat              29295.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls45.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls45.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls45.readRowHits                     37                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls45.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls45.readRowHitRate               29.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls45.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls45.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.readPktSize::6                 140                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.writePktSize::6                 18                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::0                   123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::2                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.bytesPerActivate::samples           88                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls45.bytesPerActivate::mean    90.909091                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls45.bytesPerActivate::gmean    82.017620                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls45.bytesPerActivate::stdev    51.091002                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls45.bytesPerActivate::64-95           62     70.45%     70.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls45.bytesPerActivate::128-159           20     22.73%     93.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls45.bytesPerActivate::192-223            2      2.27%     95.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls45.bytesPerActivate::256-287            3      3.41%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls45.bytesPerActivate::320-351            1      1.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls45.bytesPerActivate::total           88                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls45.bytesReadDRAM                 8064                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls45.bytesReadWrQ                   896                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls45.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls45.bytesReadSys                  8960                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls45.bytesWrittenSys               1152                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls45.avgRdBW                       8.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls45.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls45.avgRdBWSys                    9.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls45.avgWrBWSys                    1.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls45.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls45.busUtil                       0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls45.busUtilRead                   0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls45.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls45.totGap                   966740000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls45.avgGap                  6118607.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls45.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl45         8064                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls45.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl45 8329111.452993041836                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls45.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl45          140                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls45.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl45           18                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls45.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl45      3691250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls45.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl45     26366.07                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls45.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl45         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls45.pageHitRate                  25.87                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls45.rank1.actEnergy             542640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank1.preEnergy             284625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank1.readEnergy            721140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank1.actBackEnergy      145184700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank1.preBackEnergy      249516960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank1.totalEnergy        472465425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank1.averagePower      487.998163                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls45.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    647148065                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    288782435                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45.rank0.actEnergy              92820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank0.preEnergy              49335                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank0.readEnergy            178500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank0.actBackEnergy       37882200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank0.preBackEnergy      339876960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank0.totalEnergy        454295175                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank0.averagePower      469.230549                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls45.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    883245509                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     52684991                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls44.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl44        10048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls44.bytes_read::total            10048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls44.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl44         1088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls44.bytes_written::total          1088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls44.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl44          157                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls44.num_reads::total               157                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls44.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl44           17                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls44.num_writes::total               17                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls44.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl44     10378337                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls44.bw_read::total            10378337                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls44.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl44      1123769                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls44.bw_write::total            1123769                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls44.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl44     11502106                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls44.bw_total::total           11502106                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls44.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl44::samples       160.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls44.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls44.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000046250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls44.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls44.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls44.numStayReadState               555                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls44.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls44.readReqs                       157                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls44.writeReqs                       17                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls44.readBursts                     157                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls44.writeBursts                     17                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls44.servicedByWrQ                   12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls44.mergedWrBursts                   2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls44.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::0               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::3              19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::4               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::8              54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::9              42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::10             12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::11              3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::12              7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::13              1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls44.avgWrQLen                     8.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls44.totQLat                    1320000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls44.totBusLat                   725000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls44.totMemAccLat               4038750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls44.avgQLat                    9103.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls44.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls44.avgMemAccLat              27853.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls44.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls44.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls44.readRowHits                     53                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls44.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls44.readRowHitRate               36.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls44.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls44.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.readPktSize::6                 157                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.writePktSize::6                 17                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::0                   145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.bytesPerActivate::samples           92                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls44.bytesPerActivate::mean   100.869565                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls44.bytesPerActivate::gmean    88.374730                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls44.bytesPerActivate::stdev    60.925683                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls44.bytesPerActivate::64-95           60     65.22%     65.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls44.bytesPerActivate::128-159           19     20.65%     85.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls44.bytesPerActivate::192-223            6      6.52%     92.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls44.bytesPerActivate::256-287            6      6.52%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls44.bytesPerActivate::320-351            1      1.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls44.bytesPerActivate::total           92                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls44.bytesReadDRAM                 9280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls44.bytesReadWrQ                   768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls44.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls44.bytesReadSys                 10048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls44.bytesWrittenSys               1088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls44.avgRdBW                       9.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls44.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls44.avgRdBWSys                   10.38                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls44.avgWrBWSys                    1.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls44.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls44.busUtil                       0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls44.busUtilRead                   0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls44.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls44.totGap                   964484500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls44.avgGap                  5543014.37                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls44.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl44         9280                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls44.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl44 9585088.576857071370                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls44.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl44          157                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls44.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl44           17                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls44.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl44      4038750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls44.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl44     25724.52                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls44.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl44         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls44.pageHitRate                  33.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls44.rank1.actEnergy             556920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank1.preEnergy             296010                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank1.readEnergy            849660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank1.actBackEnergy      141692880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank1.preBackEnergy      252457440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank1.totalEnergy        472068270                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank1.averagePower      487.587951                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls44.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    654790314                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    281140186                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44.rank0.actEnergy              99960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank0.preEnergy              53130                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank0.readEnergy            185640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank0.actBackEnergy       38713830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank0.preBackEnergy      339176640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank0.totalEnergy        454444560                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank0.averagePower      469.384845                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls44.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    881409260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     54521240                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls43.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl43         9280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls43.bytes_read::total             9280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls43.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl43          960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls43.bytes_written::total           960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls43.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl43          145                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls43.num_reads::total               145                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls43.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl43           15                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls43.num_writes::total               15                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls43.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl43      9585089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls43.bw_read::total             9585089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls43.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl43       991561                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls43.bw_write::total             991561                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls43.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl43     10576649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls43.bw_total::total           10576649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls43.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl43::samples       150.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls43.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls43.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000500998                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls43.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls43.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls43.numStayReadState               533                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls43.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls43.readReqs                       145                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls43.writeReqs                       15                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls43.readBursts                     145                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls43.writeBursts                     15                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls43.servicedByWrQ                   10                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls43.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls43.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::0               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::3              18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::4               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::8              54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::9              36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::10              8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::11              4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::12              8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::13              1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls43.avgWrQLen                     8.31                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls43.totQLat                    1681748                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls43.totBusLat                   675000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls43.totMemAccLat               4212998                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls43.avgQLat                   12457.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls43.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls43.avgMemAccLat              31207.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls43.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls43.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls43.readRowHits                     51                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls43.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls43.readRowHitRate               37.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls43.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls43.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.readPktSize::6                 145                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.writePktSize::6                 15                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::0                   133                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::1                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.bytesPerActivate::samples           83                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls43.bytesPerActivate::mean   103.325301                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls43.bytesPerActivate::gmean    89.497699                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls43.bytesPerActivate::stdev    71.958848                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls43.bytesPerActivate::64-127           52     62.65%     62.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls43.bytesPerActivate::128-191           21     25.30%     87.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls43.bytesPerActivate::192-255            6      7.23%     95.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls43.bytesPerActivate::256-319            1      1.20%     96.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls43.bytesPerActivate::320-383            2      2.41%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls43.bytesPerActivate::512-575            1      1.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls43.bytesPerActivate::total           83                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls43.bytesReadDRAM                 8640                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls43.bytesReadWrQ                   640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls43.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls43.bytesReadSys                  9280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls43.bytesWrittenSys                960                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls43.avgRdBW                       8.92                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls43.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls43.avgRdBWSys                    9.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls43.avgWrBWSys                    0.99                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls43.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls43.busUtil                       0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls43.busUtilRead                   0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls43.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls43.totGap                   960908500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls43.avgGap                  6005678.12                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls43.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl43         8640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls43.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl43 8924047.985349686816                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls43.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl43          145                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls43.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl43           15                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls43.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl43      4212998                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls43.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl43     29055.16                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls43.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl43         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls43.pageHitRate                  34.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls43.rank1.actEnergy             514080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank1.preEnergy             269445                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank1.readEnergy            792540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank1.actBackEnergy      129711480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank1.preBackEnergy      262547040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank1.totalEnergy        470049945                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank1.averagePower      485.503271                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls43.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    681138559                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    254791941                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43.rank0.actEnergy              85680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank0.preEnergy              45540                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank0.readEnergy            171360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank0.actBackEnergy       32794950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank0.preBackEnergy      344160960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank0.totalEnergy        453473850                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank0.averagePower      468.382222                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls43.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    894402009                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     41528491                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls42.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl42         9152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls42.bytes_read::total             9152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls42.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl42         1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls42.bytes_written::total          1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls42.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl42          143                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls42.num_reads::total               143                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls42.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl42           16                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls42.num_writes::total               16                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls42.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl42      9452880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls42.bw_read::total             9452880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls42.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl42      1057665                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls42.bw_write::total            1057665                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls42.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl42     10510545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls42.bw_total::total           10510545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls42.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl42::samples       153.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls42.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls42.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000318998                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls42.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls42.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls42.numStayReadState               540                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls42.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls42.readReqs                       143                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls42.writeReqs                       16                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls42.readBursts                     143                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls42.writeBursts                     16                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls42.servicedByWrQ                    5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls42.mergedWrBursts                   1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls42.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::0               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::3              18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::4               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::5               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::8              57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::9              34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::10              8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::11              2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::12              9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::13              2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls42.avgWrQLen                     7.74                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls42.totQLat                    1408249                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls42.totBusLat                   690000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls42.totMemAccLat               3995749                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls42.avgQLat                   10204.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls42.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls42.avgMemAccLat              28954.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls42.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls42.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls42.readRowHits                     50                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls42.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls42.readRowHitRate               36.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls42.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls42.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.readPktSize::6                 143                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.writePktSize::6                 16                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::0                   137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.bytesPerActivate::samples           86                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls42.bytesPerActivate::mean   100.465116                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls42.bytesPerActivate::gmean    87.161719                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls42.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.249919                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls42.bytesPerActivate::64-95           58     67.44%     67.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls42.bytesPerActivate::128-159           16     18.60%     86.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls42.bytesPerActivate::192-223            7      8.14%     94.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls42.bytesPerActivate::256-287            2      2.33%     96.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls42.bytesPerActivate::320-351            2      2.33%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls42.bytesPerActivate::384-415            1      1.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls42.bytesPerActivate::total           86                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls42.bytesReadDRAM                 8832                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls42.bytesReadWrQ                   320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls42.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls42.bytesReadSys                  9152                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls42.bytesWrittenSys               1024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls42.avgRdBW                       9.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls42.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls42.avgRdBWSys                    9.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls42.avgWrBWSys                    1.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls42.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls42.busUtil                       0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls42.busUtilRead                   0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls42.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls42.totGap                   965990500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls42.avgGap                  6075411.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls42.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl42         8832                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls42.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl42 9122360.162801902741                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls42.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl42          143                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls42.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl42           16                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls42.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl42      3995749                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls42.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl42     27942.30                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls42.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl42         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls42.pageHitRate                  32.68                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls42.rank1.actEnergy             521220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank1.preEnergy             269445                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank1.readEnergy            799680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank1.actBackEnergy      138724890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank1.preBackEnergy      254956800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank1.totalEnergy        471487395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank1.averagePower      486.987979                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls42.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    661318562                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    274611938                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42.rank0.actEnergy             107100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank0.preEnergy              56925                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank0.readEnergy            185640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank0.actBackEnergy       39143040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank0.preBackEnergy      338815200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank0.totalEnergy        454523265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank0.averagePower      469.466137                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls42.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    880469260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     55461240                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls41.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl41         9792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls41.bytes_read::total             9792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls41.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl41         1088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls41.bytes_written::total          1088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls41.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl41          153                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls41.num_reads::total               153                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls41.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl41           17                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls41.num_writes::total               17                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls41.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl41     10113921                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls41.bw_read::total            10113921                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls41.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl41      1123769                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls41.bw_write::total            1123769                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls41.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl41     11237690                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls41.bw_total::total           11237690                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls41.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl41::samples       162.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls41.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls41.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000432998                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls41.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls41.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls41.numStayReadState               557                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls41.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls41.readReqs                       153                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls41.writeReqs                       17                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls41.readBursts                     153                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls41.writeBursts                     17                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls41.servicedByWrQ                    7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls41.mergedWrBursts                   1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls41.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::0               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::3              18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::4               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::8              59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::9              39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::10              8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::11              5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::12              8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::13              1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls41.avgWrQLen                     7.68                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls41.totQLat                    1537249                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls41.totBusLat                   730000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls41.totMemAccLat               4274749                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls41.avgQLat                   10529.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls41.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls41.avgMemAccLat              29279.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls41.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls41.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls41.readRowHits                     56                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls41.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls41.readRowHitRate               38.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls41.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls41.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.readPktSize::6                 153                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.writePktSize::6                 17                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::0                   142                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::1                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.bytesPerActivate::samples           89                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls41.bytesPerActivate::mean   104.269663                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls41.bytesPerActivate::gmean    88.112938                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls41.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.610195                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls41.bytesPerActivate::64-95           60     67.42%     67.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls41.bytesPerActivate::128-159           18     20.22%     87.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls41.bytesPerActivate::192-223            3      3.37%     91.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls41.bytesPerActivate::256-287            4      4.49%     95.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls41.bytesPerActivate::320-351            1      1.12%     96.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls41.bytesPerActivate::384-415            2      2.25%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls41.bytesPerActivate::448-479            1      1.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls41.bytesPerActivate::total           89                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls41.bytesReadDRAM                 9344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls41.bytesReadWrQ                   448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls41.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls41.bytesReadSys                  9792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls41.bytesWrittenSys               1088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls41.avgRdBW                       9.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls41.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls41.avgRdBWSys                   10.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls41.avgWrBWSys                    1.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls41.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls41.busUtil                       0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls41.busUtilRead                   0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls41.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls41.totGap                   964093500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls41.avgGap                  5671138.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls41.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl41         9344                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls41.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl41 9651192.636007810012                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls41.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl41          153                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls41.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl41           17                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls41.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl41      4274749                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls41.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl41     27939.54                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls41.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl41         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls41.pageHitRate                  34.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls41.rank1.actEnergy             549780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank1.preEnergy             288420                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank1.readEnergy            856800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank1.actBackEnergy      141888960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank1.preBackEnergy      252292320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank1.totalEnergy        472091640                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank1.averagePower      487.612089                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls41.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    654404561                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    281525939                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41.rank0.actEnergy              92820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank0.preEnergy              49335                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank0.readEnergy            185640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank0.actBackEnergy       37879350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank0.preBackEnergy      339879360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank0.totalEnergy        454301865                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank0.averagePower      469.237459                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls41.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    883252759                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     52677741                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls40.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl40         9600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls40.bytes_read::total             9600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls40.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl40          896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls40.bytes_written::total           896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls40.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl40          150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls40.num_reads::total               150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls40.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl40           14                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls40.num_writes::total               14                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls40.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl40      9915609                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls40.bw_read::total             9915609                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls40.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl40       925457                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls40.bw_write::total             925457                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls40.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl40     10841066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls40.bw_total::total           10841066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls40.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl40::samples       158.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls40.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls40.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000567998                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls40.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls40.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls40.numStayReadState               552                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls40.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls40.readReqs                       150                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls40.writeReqs                       14                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls40.readBursts                     150                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls40.writeBursts                     14                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls40.servicedByWrQ                    5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls40.mergedWrBursts                   1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls40.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::0               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::3              17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::4               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::8              60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::9              39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::10              8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::11              4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::12              8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::13              1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls40.avgWrQLen                     7.20                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls40.totQLat                    1961496                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls40.totBusLat                   725000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls40.totMemAccLat               4680246                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls40.avgQLat                   13527.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls40.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls40.avgMemAccLat              32277.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls40.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls40.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls40.readRowHits                     56                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls40.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls40.readRowHitRate               38.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls40.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls40.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.readPktSize::6                 150                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.writePktSize::6                 14                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::0                   144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.bytesPerActivate::samples           88                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls40.bytesPerActivate::mean   104.727273                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls40.bytesPerActivate::gmean    89.437468                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls40.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.277987                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls40.bytesPerActivate::64-95           57     64.77%     64.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls40.bytesPerActivate::128-159           19     21.59%     86.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls40.bytesPerActivate::192-223            6      6.82%     93.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls40.bytesPerActivate::256-287            3      3.41%     96.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls40.bytesPerActivate::384-415            2      2.27%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls40.bytesPerActivate::448-479            1      1.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls40.bytesPerActivate::total           88                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls40.bytesReadDRAM                 9280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls40.bytesReadWrQ                   320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls40.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls40.bytesReadSys                  9600                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls40.bytesWrittenSys                896                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls40.avgRdBW                       9.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls40.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls40.avgRdBWSys                    9.92                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls40.avgWrBWSys                    0.93                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls40.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls40.busUtil                       0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls40.busUtilRead                   0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls40.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls40.totGap                   962755000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls40.avgGap                  5870457.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls40.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl40         9280                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls40.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl40 9585088.576857071370                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls40.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl40          150                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls40.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl40           14                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls40.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl40      4680246                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls40.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl40     31201.64                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls40.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl40         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls40.pageHitRate                  35.44                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls40.rank1.actEnergy             542640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank1.preEnergy             284625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank1.readEnergy            856800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank1.actBackEnergy      139650570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank1.preBackEnergy      254177280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank1.totalEnergy        471727275                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank1.averagePower      487.235745                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls40.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    659274313                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    276656187                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40.rank0.actEnergy              92820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank0.preEnergy              49335                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank0.readEnergy            178500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank0.actBackEnergy       35477940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank0.preBackEnergy      341901600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank0.totalEnergy        453915555                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank0.averagePower      468.838448                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls40.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    888520008                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     47410492                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu50.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu50.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu50.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu50.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu50.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu51.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu51.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu51.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu51.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu51.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu52.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu52.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu52.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu52.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu52.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu53.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu53.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu53.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu53.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu53.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu54.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu54.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu54.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu54.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu54.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu55.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu55.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu55.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu55.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu55.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu56.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu56.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu56.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu56.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu56.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu57.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu57.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu57.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu57.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu57.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls49.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl49         9408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls49.bytes_read::total             9408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls49.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl49         1344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls49.bytes_written::total          1344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls49.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl49          147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls49.num_reads::total               147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls49.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl49           21                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls49.num_writes::total               21                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls49.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl49      9717297                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls49.bw_read::total             9717297                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls49.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl49      1388185                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls49.bw_write::total            1388185                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls49.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl49     11105482                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls49.bw_total::total           11105482                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls49.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl49::samples       144.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls49.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls49.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000424498                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls49.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls49.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls49.numStayReadState               517                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls49.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls49.readReqs                       147                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls49.writeReqs                       21                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls49.readBursts                     147                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls49.writeBursts                     21                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls49.servicedByWrQ                   23                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls49.mergedWrBursts                   1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls49.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::0               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::3               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::4               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::5               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::8              54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::9              38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::10              7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::11              6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::12              5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::13              1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls49.avgWrQLen                     8.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls49.totQLat                    1555247                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls49.totBusLat                   620000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls49.totMemAccLat               3880247                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls49.avgQLat                   12542.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls49.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls49.avgMemAccLat              31292.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls49.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls49.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls49.readRowHits                     47                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls49.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls49.readRowHitRate               37.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls49.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls49.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.readPktSize::6                 147                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.writePktSize::6                 21                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::0                   123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::19                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.bytesPerActivate::samples           74                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls49.bytesPerActivate::mean   104.648649                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls49.bytesPerActivate::gmean    88.079825                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls49.bytesPerActivate::stdev    82.447564                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls49.bytesPerActivate::64-127           50     67.57%     67.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls49.bytesPerActivate::128-191           14     18.92%     86.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls49.bytesPerActivate::192-255            5      6.76%     93.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls49.bytesPerActivate::256-319            2      2.70%     95.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls49.bytesPerActivate::384-447            2      2.70%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls49.bytesPerActivate::512-575            1      1.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls49.bytesPerActivate::total           74                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls49.bytesReadDRAM                 7936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls49.bytesReadWrQ                  1472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls49.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls49.bytesReadSys                  9408                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls49.bytesWrittenSys               1344                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls49.avgRdBW                       8.20                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls49.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls49.avgRdBWSys                    9.72                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls49.avgWrBWSys                    1.39                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls49.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls49.busUtil                       0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls49.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls49.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls49.totGap                   966884000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls49.avgGap                  5755261.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls49.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl49         7936                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls49.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl49 8196903.334691564552                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls49.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl49          147                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls49.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl49           21                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls49.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl49      3880247                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls49.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl49     26396.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls49.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl49         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls49.pageHitRate                  32.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls49.rank1.actEnergy             478380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank1.preEnergy             250470                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank1.readEnergy            792540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank1.actBackEnergy      130230750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank1.preBackEnergy      262109760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank1.totalEnergy        470077260                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank1.averagePower      485.531484                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls49.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    680001808                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    255928692                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49.rank0.actEnergy              71400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank0.preEnergy              30360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank0.readEnergy             92820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank0.actBackEnergy       31051890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank0.preBackEnergy      345628800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank0.totalEnergy        453090630                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank0.averagePower      467.986403                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls49.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    898252509                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     37677991                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls48.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl48         8000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls48.bytes_read::total             8000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls48.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl48         1408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls48.bytes_written::total          1408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls48.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl48          125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls48.num_reads::total               125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls48.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl48           22                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls48.num_writes::total               22                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls48.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl48      8263007                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls48.bw_read::total             8263007                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls48.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl48      1454289                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls48.bw_write::total            1454289                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls48.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl48      9717297                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls48.bw_total::total            9717297                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls48.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl48::samples       130.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls48.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls48.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000389498                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls48.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls48.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls48.numStayReadState               490                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls48.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls48.readReqs                       125                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls48.writeReqs                       22                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls48.readBursts                     125                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls48.writeBursts                     22                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls48.servicedByWrQ                   15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls48.mergedWrBursts                   2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls48.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::0               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::3               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::4               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::5               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::8              56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::9              19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::10              6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::11              8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::12              7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::13              2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.avgRdQLen                     0.99                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls48.avgWrQLen                     8.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls48.totQLat                    1363748                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls48.totBusLat                   550000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls48.totMemAccLat               3426248                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls48.avgQLat                   12397.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls48.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls48.avgMemAccLat              31147.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls48.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls48.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls48.readRowHits                     35                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls48.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls48.readRowHitRate               31.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls48.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls48.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.readPktSize::6                 125                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.writePktSize::6                 22                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::0                   109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::19                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.bytesPerActivate::samples           71                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls48.bytesPerActivate::mean    94.647887                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls48.bytesPerActivate::gmean    85.715026                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls48.bytesPerActivate::stdev    48.208801                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls48.bytesPerActivate::64-95           46     64.79%     64.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls48.bytesPerActivate::128-159           18     25.35%     90.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls48.bytesPerActivate::192-223            5      7.04%     97.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls48.bytesPerActivate::256-287            2      2.82%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls48.bytesPerActivate::total           71                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls48.bytesReadDRAM                 7040                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls48.bytesReadWrQ                   960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls48.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls48.bytesReadSys                  8000                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls48.bytesWrittenSys               1408                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls48.avgRdBW                       7.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls48.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls48.avgRdBWSys                    8.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls48.avgWrBWSys                    1.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls48.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls48.busUtil                       0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls48.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls48.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls48.totGap                   961993000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls48.avgGap                  6544170.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls48.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl48         7040                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls48.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl48 7271446.506581227295                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls48.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl48          125                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls48.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl48           22                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls48.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl48      3426248                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls48.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl48     27409.98                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls48.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl48         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls48.pageHitRate                  26.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls48.rank1.actEnergy             471240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank1.preEnergy             239085                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank1.readEnergy            699720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank1.actBackEnergy      121188270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank1.preBackEnergy      269724480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank1.totalEnergy        468538155                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank1.averagePower      483.941780                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls48.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    699886305                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    236044195                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48.rank0.actEnergy              64260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank0.preEnergy              30360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank0.readEnergy             85680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank0.actBackEnergy       29034090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank0.preBackEnergy      347328000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank0.totalEnergy        452757750                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank0.averagePower      467.642579                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls48.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    902676509                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     33253991                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus50.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus50.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus50.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus50.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus51.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus51.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus51.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus51.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus52.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus52.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus52.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus52.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus53.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus53.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus53.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus53.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus54.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus54.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus54.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus54.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus55.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus55.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus55.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus55.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus56.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus56.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus56.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus56.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus57.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus57.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus57.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus57.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus58.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus58.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus58.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus58.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus59.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus59.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus59.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus59.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls54.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl54         9856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls54.bytes_read::total             9856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls54.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl54         1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls54.bytes_written::total          1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls54.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl54          154                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls54.num_reads::total               154                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls54.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl54           20                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls54.num_writes::total               20                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls54.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl54     10180025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls54.bw_read::total            10180025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls54.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl54      1322081                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls54.bw_write::total            1322081                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls54.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl54     11502106                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls54.bw_total::total           11502106                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls54.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl54::samples       163.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls54.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls54.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000539498                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls54.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls54.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls54.numStayReadState               560                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls54.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls54.readReqs                       154                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls54.writeReqs                       20                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls54.readBursts                     154                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls54.writeBursts                     20                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls54.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls54.mergedWrBursts                   3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls54.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::0               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::3               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::4               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::5               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::8              67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::9              42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::10              8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::11              4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::12              7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::13              2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls54.avgWrQLen                     8.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls54.totQLat                    2102495                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls54.totBusLat                   730000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls54.totMemAccLat               4839995                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls54.avgQLat                   14400.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls54.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls54.avgMemAccLat              33150.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls54.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls54.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls54.readRowHits                     52                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls54.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls54.readRowHitRate               35.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls54.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls54.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.readPktSize::6                 154                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.writePktSize::6                 20                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::0                   143                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::1                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.bytesPerActivate::samples           92                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls54.bytesPerActivate::mean   100.173913                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls54.bytesPerActivate::gmean    87.711398                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls54.bytesPerActivate::stdev    63.153504                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls54.bytesPerActivate::64-95           60     65.22%     65.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls54.bytesPerActivate::128-159           21     22.83%     88.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls54.bytesPerActivate::192-223            5      5.43%     93.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls54.bytesPerActivate::256-287            4      4.35%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls54.bytesPerActivate::320-351            1      1.09%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls54.bytesPerActivate::384-415            1      1.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls54.bytesPerActivate::total           92                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls54.bytesReadDRAM                 9344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls54.bytesReadWrQ                   512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls54.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls54.bytesReadSys                  9856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls54.bytesWrittenSys               1280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls54.avgRdBW                       9.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls54.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls54.avgRdBWSys                   10.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls54.avgWrBWSys                    1.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls54.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls54.busUtil                       0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls54.busUtilRead                   0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls54.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls54.totGap                   965064500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls54.avgGap                  5546347.70                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls54.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl54         9344                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls54.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl54 9651192.636007810012                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls54.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl54          154                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls54.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl54           20                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls54.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl54      4839995                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls54.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl54     31428.54                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls54.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl54         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls54.pageHitRate                  31.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls54.rank1.actEnergy             571200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank1.preEnergy             299805                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank1.readEnergy            928200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank1.actBackEnergy      163697730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank1.preBackEnergy      233927040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank1.totalEnergy        475639335                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank1.averagePower      491.276418                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls54.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    606488315                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    329442185                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54.rank0.actEnergy              99960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank0.preEnergy              49335                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank0.readEnergy            114240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank0.actBackEnergy       39405810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank0.preBackEnergy      338593920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank0.totalEnergy        454478625                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank0.averagePower      469.420030                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls54.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    879890762                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     56039738                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls55.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl55         9856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls55.bytes_read::total             9856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls55.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl55         1408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls55.bytes_written::total          1408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls55.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl55          154                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls55.num_reads::total               154                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls55.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl55           22                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls55.num_writes::total               22                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls55.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl55     10180025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls55.bw_read::total            10180025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls55.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl55      1454289                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls55.bw_write::total            1454289                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls55.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl55     11634314                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls55.bw_total::total           11634314                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls55.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl55::samples       158.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls55.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls55.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000562998                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls55.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls55.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls55.numStayReadState               546                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls55.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls55.readReqs                       154                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls55.writeReqs                       22                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls55.readBursts                     154                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls55.writeBursts                     22                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls55.servicedByWrQ                   16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls55.mergedWrBursts                   2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls55.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::0               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::3               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::4               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::5               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::8              69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::9              39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::10              8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::11              4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::12              6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::13              1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls55.avgWrQLen                    10.38                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls55.totQLat                    1719498                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls55.totBusLat                   690000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls55.totMemAccLat               4306998                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls55.avgQLat                   12460.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls55.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls55.avgMemAccLat              31210.13                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls55.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls55.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls55.readRowHits                     46                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls55.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls55.readRowHitRate               33.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls55.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls55.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.readPktSize::6                 154                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.writePktSize::6                 22                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::0                   137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::19                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.bytesPerActivate::samples           89                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls55.bytesPerActivate::mean    97.078652                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls55.bytesPerActivate::gmean    85.262495                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls55.bytesPerActivate::stdev    61.864262                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls55.bytesPerActivate::64-95           61     68.54%     68.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls55.bytesPerActivate::128-159           18     20.22%     88.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls55.bytesPerActivate::192-223            5      5.62%     94.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls55.bytesPerActivate::256-287            3      3.37%     97.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls55.bytesPerActivate::320-351            1      1.12%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls55.bytesPerActivate::384-415            1      1.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls55.bytesPerActivate::total           89                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls55.bytesReadDRAM                 8832                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls55.bytesReadWrQ                  1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls55.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls55.bytesReadSys                  9856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls55.bytesWrittenSys               1408                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls55.avgRdBW                       9.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls55.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls55.avgRdBWSys                   10.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls55.avgWrBWSys                    1.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls55.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls55.busUtil                       0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls55.busUtilRead                   0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls55.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls55.totGap                   961237500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls55.avgGap                  5461576.70                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls55.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl55         8832                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls55.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl55 9122360.162801902741                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls55.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl55          154                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls55.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl55           22                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls55.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl55      4306998                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls55.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl55     27967.52                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls55.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl55         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls55.pageHitRate                  29.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls55.rank1.actEnergy             578340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank1.preEnergy             303600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank1.readEnergy            906780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank1.actBackEnergy      146091000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank1.preBackEnergy      248753760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank1.totalEnergy        472848840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank1.averagePower      488.394183                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls55.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    645094318                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    290836182                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55.rank0.actEnergy              78540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank0.preEnergy              34155                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank0.readEnergy             78540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank0.actBackEnergy       32339520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank0.preBackEnergy      344544480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank0.totalEnergy        453290595                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank0.averagePower      468.192942                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls55.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    895415760                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     40514740                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls56.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl56         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls56.bytes_read::total             9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls56.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl56         1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls56.bytes_written::total          1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls56.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl56          144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls56.num_reads::total               144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls56.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl56           16                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls56.num_writes::total               16                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls56.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl56      9518985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls56.bw_read::total             9518985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls56.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl56      1057665                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls56.bw_write::total            1057665                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls56.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl56     10576649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls56.bw_total::total           10576649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls56.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl56::samples       135.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls56.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls56.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000496498                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls56.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls56.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls56.numStayReadState               502                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls56.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls56.readReqs                       144                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls56.writeReqs                       16                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls56.readBursts                     144                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls56.writeBursts                     16                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls56.servicedByWrQ                   25                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls56.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls56.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::0               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::3               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::4               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::5               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::8              73                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::9               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::10              9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::11              6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::12              3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::13              3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls56.avgWrQLen                     8.18                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls56.totQLat                    1551999                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls56.totBusLat                   595000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls56.totMemAccLat               3783249                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls56.avgQLat                   13042.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls56.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls56.avgMemAccLat              31792.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls56.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls56.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls56.readRowHits                     26                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls56.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls56.readRowHitRate               21.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls56.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls56.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.readPktSize::6                 144                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.writePktSize::6                 16                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::0                   119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.bytesPerActivate::samples           91                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls56.bytesPerActivate::mean    81.582418                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls56.bytesPerActivate::gmean    75.296132                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls56.bytesPerActivate::stdev    41.658417                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls56.bytesPerActivate::64-95           74     81.32%     81.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls56.bytesPerActivate::128-159           11     12.09%     93.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls56.bytesPerActivate::192-223            4      4.40%     97.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls56.bytesPerActivate::256-287            2      2.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls56.bytesPerActivate::total           91                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls56.bytesReadDRAM                 7616                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls56.bytesReadWrQ                  1600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls56.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls56.bytesReadSys                  9216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls56.bytesWrittenSys               1024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls56.avgRdBW                       7.87                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls56.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls56.avgRdBWSys                    9.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls56.avgWrBWSys                    1.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls56.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls56.busUtil                       0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls56.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls56.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls56.totGap                   967258500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls56.avgGap                  6045365.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls56.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl56         7616                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls56.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl56 7866383.038937873207                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls56.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl56          144                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls56.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl56           16                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls56.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl56      3783249                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls56.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl56     26272.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls56.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl56         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls56.pageHitRate                  19.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls56.rank1.actEnergy             571200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank1.preEnergy             299805                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank1.readEnergy            735420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank1.actBackEnergy      145995240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank1.preBackEnergy      248834400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank1.totalEnergy        472651425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank1.averagePower      488.190277                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls56.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    645271069                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    290659431                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56.rank0.actEnergy              92820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank0.preEnergy              45540                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank0.readEnergy            114240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank0.actBackEnergy       31253100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank0.preBackEnergy      345459360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank0.totalEnergy        453180420                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank0.averagePower      468.079145                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls56.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    897755762                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     38174738                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls57.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl57         9024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls57.bytes_read::total             9024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls57.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl57         1088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls57.bytes_written::total          1088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls57.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl57          141                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls57.num_reads::total               141                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls57.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl57           17                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls57.num_writes::total               17                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls57.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl57      9320672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls57.bw_read::total             9320672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls57.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl57      1123769                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls57.bw_write::total            1123769                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls57.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl57     10444441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls57.bw_total::total           10444441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls57.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl57::samples       152.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls57.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls57.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000394498                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls57.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls57.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls57.numStayReadState               537                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls57.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls57.readReqs                       141                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls57.writeReqs                       17                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls57.readBursts                     141                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls57.writeBursts                     17                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls57.servicedByWrQ                    5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls57.mergedWrBursts                   1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls57.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::0               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::3               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::4               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::5               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::8              78                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::9              26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::10              8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::11              5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::12              3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::13              1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls57.avgWrQLen                     7.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls57.totQLat                    1528499                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls57.totBusLat                   680000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls57.totMemAccLat               4078499                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls57.avgQLat                   11238.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls57.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls57.avgMemAccLat              29988.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls57.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls57.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls57.readRowHits                     38                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls57.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls57.readRowHitRate               27.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls57.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls57.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.readPktSize::6                 141                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.writePktSize::6                 17                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::0                   136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.bytesPerActivate::samples           97                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls57.bytesPerActivate::mean    89.072165                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls57.bytesPerActivate::gmean    80.638702                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls57.bytesPerActivate::stdev    48.492321                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls57.bytesPerActivate::64-95           71     73.20%     73.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls57.bytesPerActivate::128-159           18     18.56%     91.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls57.bytesPerActivate::192-223            4      4.12%     95.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls57.bytesPerActivate::256-287            4      4.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls57.bytesPerActivate::total           97                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls57.bytesReadDRAM                 8704                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls57.bytesReadWrQ                   320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls57.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls57.bytesReadSys                  9024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls57.bytesWrittenSys               1088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls57.avgRdBW                       8.99                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls57.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls57.avgRdBWSys                    9.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls57.avgWrBWSys                    1.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls57.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls57.busUtil                       0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls57.busUtilRead                   0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls57.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls57.totGap                   966603500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls57.avgGap                  6117743.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls57.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl57         8704                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls57.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl57 8990152.044500425458                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls57.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl57          141                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls57.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl57           17                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls57.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl57      4078499                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls57.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl57     28925.52                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls57.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl57         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls57.pageHitRate                  25.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls57.rank1.actEnergy             606900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank1.preEnergy             318780                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank1.readEnergy            863940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank1.actBackEnergy      152566770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank1.preBackEnergy      243300480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank1.totalEnergy        473872230                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank1.averagePower      489.451218                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls57.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    630813823                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    305116677                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57.rank0.actEnergy              92820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank0.preEnergy              49335                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank0.readEnergy            107100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank0.actBackEnergy       33163740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank0.preBackEnergy      343850400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank0.totalEnergy        453478755                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank0.averagePower      468.387288                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls57.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    893549263                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     42381237                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls50.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl50         9664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls50.bytes_read::total             9664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls50.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl50         1152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls50.bytes_written::total          1152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls50.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl50          151                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls50.num_reads::total               151                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls50.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl50           18                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls50.num_writes::total               18                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls50.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl50      9981713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls50.bw_read::total             9981713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls50.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl50      1189873                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls50.bw_write::total            1189873                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls50.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl50     11171586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls50.bw_total::total           11171586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls50.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl50::samples       143.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls50.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls50.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000508000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls50.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls50.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls50.numStayReadState               518                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls50.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls50.readReqs                       151                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls50.writeReqs                       18                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls50.readBursts                     151                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls50.writeBursts                     18                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls50.servicedByWrQ                   25                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls50.mergedWrBursts                   1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls50.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::0              17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::3               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::4               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::5               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::8              60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::9              20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::10              6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::11              3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::12              8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::13              2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls50.avgWrQLen                     7.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls50.totQLat                    1681499                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls50.totBusLat                   630000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls50.totMemAccLat               4043999                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls50.avgQLat                   13345.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls50.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls50.avgMemAccLat              32095.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls50.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls50.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls50.readRowHits                     39                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls50.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls50.readRowHitRate               30.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls50.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls50.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.readPktSize::6                 151                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.writePktSize::6                 18                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::0                   125                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.bytesPerActivate::samples           85                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls50.bytesPerActivate::mean    93.364706                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls50.bytesPerActivate::gmean    84.800294                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls50.bytesPerActivate::stdev    46.898281                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls50.bytesPerActivate::64-95           56     65.88%     65.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls50.bytesPerActivate::128-159           21     24.71%     90.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls50.bytesPerActivate::192-223            6      7.06%     97.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls50.bytesPerActivate::256-287            2      2.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls50.bytesPerActivate::total           85                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls50.bytesReadDRAM                 8064                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls50.bytesReadWrQ                  1600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls50.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls50.bytesReadSys                  9664                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls50.bytesWrittenSys               1152                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls50.avgRdBW                       8.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls50.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls50.avgRdBWSys                    9.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls50.avgWrBWSys                    1.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls50.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls50.busUtil                       0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls50.busUtilRead                   0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls50.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls50.totGap                   967089000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls50.avgGap                  5722420.12                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls50.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl50         8064                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls50.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl50 8329111.452993041836                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls50.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl50          151                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls50.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl50           18                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls50.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl50      4043999                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls50.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl50     26781.45                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls50.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl50         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls50.pageHitRate                  27.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls50.rank1.actEnergy             492660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank1.preEnergy             258060                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank1.readEnergy            706860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank1.actBackEnergy      138351540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank1.preBackEnergy      255271200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank1.totalEnergy        471295680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank1.averagePower      486.789961                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls50.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    662171559                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    273758941                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50.rank0.actEnergy             128520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank0.preEnergy              64515                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank0.readEnergy            192780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank0.actBackEnergy       37498590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank0.preBackEnergy      340200000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank0.totalEnergy        454299765                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank0.averagePower      469.235290                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls50.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    884089011                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     51841489                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls51.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl51         9024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls51.bytes_read::total             9024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls51.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl51         1344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls51.bytes_written::total          1344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls51.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl51          141                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls51.num_reads::total               141                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls51.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl51           21                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls51.num_writes::total               21                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls51.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl51      9320672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls51.bw_read::total             9320672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls51.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl51      1388185                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls51.bw_write::total            1388185                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls51.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl51     10708858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls51.bw_total::total           10708858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls51.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl51::samples       140.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls51.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls51.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000465498                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls51.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls51.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls51.numStayReadState               509                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls51.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls51.readReqs                       141                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls51.writeReqs                       21                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls51.readBursts                     141                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls51.writeBursts                     21                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls51.servicedByWrQ                   21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls51.mergedWrBursts                   1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls51.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::0               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::3               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::4               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::8              67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::9              22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::10              7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::11              4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::12              7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::13              2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls51.avgWrQLen                     7.83                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls51.totQLat                    2514992                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls51.totBusLat                   600000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls51.totMemAccLat               4764992                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls51.avgQLat                   20958.27                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls51.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls51.avgMemAccLat              39708.27                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls51.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls51.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls51.readRowHits                     34                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls51.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls51.readRowHitRate               28.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls51.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls51.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.readPktSize::6                 141                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.writePktSize::6                 21                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::0                   118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::1                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::19                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.bytesPerActivate::samples           84                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls51.bytesPerActivate::mean    89.142857                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls51.bytesPerActivate::gmean    80.974855                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls51.bytesPerActivate::stdev    46.616907                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls51.bytesPerActivate::64-95           61     72.62%     72.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls51.bytesPerActivate::128-159           15     17.86%     90.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls51.bytesPerActivate::192-223            6      7.14%     97.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls51.bytesPerActivate::256-287            2      2.38%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls51.bytesPerActivate::total           84                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls51.bytesReadDRAM                 7680                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls51.bytesReadWrQ                  1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls51.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls51.bytesReadSys                  9024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls51.bytesWrittenSys               1344                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls51.avgRdBW                       7.93                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls51.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls51.avgRdBWSys                    9.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls51.avgWrBWSys                    1.39                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls51.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls51.busUtil                       0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls51.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls51.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls51.totGap                   961634000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls51.avgGap                  5936012.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls51.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl51         7680                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls51.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl51 7932487.098088610917                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls51.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl51          141                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls51.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl51           21                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls51.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl51      4764992                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls51.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl51     33794.27                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls51.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl51         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls51.pageHitRate                  24.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls51.rank1.actEnergy             556920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank1.preEnergy             288420                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank1.readEnergy            778260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank1.actBackEnergy      148453080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank1.preBackEnergy      246764640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank1.totalEnergy        473056680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank1.averagePower      488.608856                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls51.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    639904563                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    296025937                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51.rank0.actEnergy              57120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank0.preEnergy              30360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank0.readEnergy             78540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank0.actBackEnergy       30591330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank0.preBackEnergy      346016640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank0.totalEnergy        452989350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank0.averagePower      467.881794                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls51.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    899263008                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     36667492                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls52.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl52        12352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls52.bytes_read::total            12352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls52.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl52         1152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls52.bytes_written::total          1152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls52.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl52          193                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls52.num_reads::total               193                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls52.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl52           18                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls52.num_writes::total               18                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls52.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl52     12758083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls52.bw_read::total            12758083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls52.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl52      1189873                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls52.bw_write::total            1189873                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls52.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl52     13947956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls52.bw_total::total           13947956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls52.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl52::samples       178.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls52.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls52.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000522498                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls52.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls52.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls52.numStayReadState               592                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls52.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls52.readReqs                       193                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls52.writeReqs                       18                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls52.readBursts                     193                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls52.writeBursts                     18                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls52.servicedByWrQ                   30                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls52.mergedWrBursts                   3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls52.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::0              19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::3               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::4               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::5               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::8              60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::9              56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::10              8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::11              4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::12              8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::13              1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls52.avgWrQLen                     9.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls52.totQLat                    1763498                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls52.totBusLat                   815000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls52.totMemAccLat               4819748                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls52.avgQLat                   10819.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls52.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls52.avgMemAccLat              29569.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls52.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls52.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls52.readRowHits                     70                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls52.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls52.readRowHitRate               42.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls52.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls52.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.readPktSize::6                 193                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.writePktSize::6                 18                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::0                   159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::1                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.bytesPerActivate::samples           91                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls52.bytesPerActivate::mean   113.230769                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls52.bytesPerActivate::gmean    92.725398                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls52.bytesPerActivate::stdev    97.797418                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls52.bytesPerActivate::64-127           57     62.64%     62.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls52.bytesPerActivate::128-191           21     23.08%     85.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls52.bytesPerActivate::192-255            6      6.59%     92.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls52.bytesPerActivate::256-319            1      1.10%     93.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls52.bytesPerActivate::320-383            2      2.20%     95.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls52.bytesPerActivate::384-447            1      1.10%     96.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls52.bytesPerActivate::448-511            2      2.20%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls52.bytesPerActivate::640-703            1      1.10%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls52.bytesPerActivate::total           91                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls52.bytesReadDRAM                10432                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls52.bytesReadWrQ                  1920                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls52.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls52.bytesReadSys                 12352                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls52.bytesWrittenSys               1152                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls52.avgRdBW                      10.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls52.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls52.avgRdBWSys                   12.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls52.avgWrBWSys                    1.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls52.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls52.busUtil                       0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls52.busUtilRead                   0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls52.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls52.totGap                   962149000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls52.avgGap                  4559947.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls52.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl52        10432                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls52.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl52 10774961.641570363194                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls52.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl52          193                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls52.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl52           18                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls52.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl52      4819748                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls52.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl52     24972.79                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls52.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl52         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls52.pageHitRate                  39.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls52.rank1.actEnergy             535500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank1.preEnergy             280830                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank1.readEnergy            978180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank1.actBackEnergy      146828010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank1.preBackEnergy      248133120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank1.totalEnergy        472971000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank1.averagePower      488.520359                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls52.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    643562812                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    292367688                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52.rank0.actEnergy             128520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank0.preEnergy              64515                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank0.readEnergy            185640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank0.actBackEnergy       39130500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank0.preBackEnergy      338825760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank0.totalEnergy        454550295                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank0.averagePower      469.494056                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls52.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    880495011                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     55435489                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls53.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl53         9280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls53.bytes_read::total             9280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls53.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl53         1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls53.bytes_written::total          1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls53.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl53          145                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls53.num_reads::total               145                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls53.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl53           20                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls53.num_writes::total               20                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls53.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl53      9585089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls53.bw_read::total             9585089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls53.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl53      1322081                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls53.bw_write::total            1322081                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls53.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl53     10907170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls53.bw_total::total           10907170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls53.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl53::samples       150.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls53.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls53.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000352998                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls53.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls53.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls53.numStayReadState               532                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls53.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls53.readReqs                       145                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls53.writeReqs                       20                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls53.readBursts                     145                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls53.writeBursts                     20                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls53.servicedByWrQ                   13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls53.mergedWrBursts                   2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls53.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::0               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::3               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::4               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::8              63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::9              36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::10              7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::11              6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::12              8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::13              1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls53.avgWrQLen                     8.75                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls53.totQLat                    1512748                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls53.totBusLat                   660000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls53.totMemAccLat               3987748                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls53.avgQLat                   11460.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls53.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls53.avgMemAccLat              30210.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls53.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls53.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls53.readRowHits                     45                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls53.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls53.readRowHitRate               34.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls53.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls53.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.readPktSize::6                 145                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.writePktSize::6                 20                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::0                   131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.bytesPerActivate::samples           86                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls53.bytesPerActivate::mean    97.488372                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls53.bytesPerActivate::gmean    86.104184                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls53.bytesPerActivate::stdev    61.876679                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls53.bytesPerActivate::64-95           57     66.28%     66.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls53.bytesPerActivate::128-159           19     22.09%     88.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls53.bytesPerActivate::192-223            8      9.30%     97.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls53.bytesPerActivate::320-351            1      1.16%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls53.bytesPerActivate::448-479            1      1.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls53.bytesPerActivate::total           86                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls53.bytesReadDRAM                 8448                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls53.bytesReadWrQ                   832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls53.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls53.bytesReadSys                  9280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls53.bytesWrittenSys               1280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls53.avgRdBW                       8.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls53.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls53.avgRdBWSys                    9.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls53.avgWrBWSys                    1.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls53.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls53.busUtil                       0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls53.busUtilRead                   0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls53.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls53.totGap                   961102500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls53.avgGap                  5824863.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls53.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl53         8448                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls53.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl53 8725735.807897472754                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls53.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl53          145                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls53.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl53           20                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls53.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl53      3987748                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls53.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl53     27501.71                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls53.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl53         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls53.pageHitRate                  30.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls53.rank1.actEnergy             556920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank1.preEnergy             292215                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank1.readEnergy            863940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank1.actBackEnergy      149369640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank1.preBackEnergy      245992800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank1.totalEnergy        473290875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank1.averagePower      488.850750                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls53.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    637976063                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    297954437                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53.rank0.actEnergy              64260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank0.preEnergy              34155                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank0.readEnergy             78540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank0.actBackEnergy       29092230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank0.preBackEnergy      347279040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank0.totalEnergy        452763585                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank0.averagePower      467.648606                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls53.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    902537009                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     33393491                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls58.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl58        10560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls58.bytes_read::total            10560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls58.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl58         1408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls58.bytes_written::total          1408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls58.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl58          165                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls58.num_reads::total               165                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls58.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl58           22                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls58.num_writes::total               22                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls58.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl58     10907170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls58.bw_read::total            10907170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls58.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl58      1454289                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls58.bw_write::total            1454289                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls58.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl58     12361459                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls58.bw_total::total           12361459                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls58.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl58::samples       161.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls58.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls58.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000544998                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls58.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls58.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls58.numStayReadState               550                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls58.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls58.readReqs                       165                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls58.writeReqs                       22                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls58.readBursts                     165                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls58.writeBursts                     22                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls58.servicedByWrQ                   25                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls58.mergedWrBursts                   1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls58.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::0               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::3               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::4               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::8              73                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::9              29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::10              9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::11              5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::12              6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::13              2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls58.avgWrQLen                     7.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls58.totQLat                    2690993                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls58.totBusLat                   700000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls58.totMemAccLat               5315993                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls58.avgQLat                   19221.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls58.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls58.avgMemAccLat              37971.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls58.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls58.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls58.readRowHits                     41                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls58.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls58.readRowHitRate               29.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls58.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls58.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.readPktSize::6                 165                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.writePktSize::6                 22                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::0                   140                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::19                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::20                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.bytesPerActivate::samples           97                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls58.bytesPerActivate::mean    90.391753                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls58.bytesPerActivate::gmean    82.486159                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls58.bytesPerActivate::stdev    45.020957                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls58.bytesPerActivate::64-95           67     69.07%     69.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls58.bytesPerActivate::128-159           22     22.68%     91.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls58.bytesPerActivate::192-223            6      6.19%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls58.bytesPerActivate::256-287            2      2.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls58.bytesPerActivate::total           97                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls58.bytesReadDRAM                 8960                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls58.bytesReadWrQ                  1600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls58.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls58.bytesReadSys                 10560                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls58.bytesWrittenSys               1408                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls58.avgRdBW                       9.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls58.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls58.avgRdBWSys                   10.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls58.avgWrBWSys                    1.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls58.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls58.busUtil                       0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls58.busUtilRead                   0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls58.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls58.totGap                   965928500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls58.avgGap                  5165393.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls58.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl58         8960                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls58.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl58 9254568.281103380024                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls58.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl58          165                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls58.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl58           22                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls58.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl58      5315993                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls58.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl58     32218.14                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls58.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl58         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls58.pageHitRate                  25.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls58.rank1.actEnergy             621180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank1.preEnergy             322575                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank1.readEnergy            885360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank1.actBackEnergy      158667480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank1.preBackEnergy      238163040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank1.totalEnergy        474874995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank1.averagePower      490.486949                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls58.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    617473317                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    318457183                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58.rank0.actEnergy              85680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank0.preEnergy              45540                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank0.readEnergy            114240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank0.actBackEnergy       35008260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank0.preBackEnergy      342297120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank0.totalEnergy        453766200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank0.averagePower      468.684183                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls58.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    889519510                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     46410990                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls59.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl59         8896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls59.bytes_read::total             8896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls59.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl59         1216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls59.bytes_written::total          1216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls59.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl59          139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls59.num_reads::total               139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls59.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl59           19                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls59.num_writes::total               19                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls59.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl59      9188464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls59.bw_read::total             9188464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls59.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl59      1255977                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls59.bw_write::total            1255977                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls59.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl59     10444441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls59.bw_total::total           10444441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls59.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl59::samples       149.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls59.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls59.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000477498                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls59.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls59.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls59.numStayReadState               531                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls59.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls59.readReqs                       139                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls59.writeReqs                       19                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls59.readBursts                     139                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls59.writeBursts                     19                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls59.servicedByWrQ                    7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls59.mergedWrBursts                   2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls59.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::0               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::3               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::4               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::8              61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::9              38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::10              8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::11              6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::12              3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::13              2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls59.avgWrQLen                     7.61                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls59.totQLat                    1674248                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls59.totBusLat                   660000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls59.totMemAccLat               4149248                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls59.avgQLat                   12683.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls59.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls59.avgMemAccLat              31433.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls59.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls59.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls59.readRowHits                     41                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls59.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls59.readRowHitRate               31.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls59.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls59.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.readPktSize::6                 139                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.writePktSize::6                 19                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::0                   131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.bytesPerActivate::samples           89                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls59.bytesPerActivate::mean    93.483146                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls59.bytesPerActivate::gmean    82.369072                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls59.bytesPerActivate::stdev    59.520453                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls59.bytesPerActivate::64-95           65     73.03%     73.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls59.bytesPerActivate::128-159           15     16.85%     89.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls59.bytesPerActivate::192-223            3      3.37%     93.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls59.bytesPerActivate::256-287            4      4.49%     97.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls59.bytesPerActivate::320-351            2      2.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls59.bytesPerActivate::total           89                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls59.bytesReadDRAM                 8448                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls59.bytesReadWrQ                   448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls59.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls59.bytesReadSys                  8896                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls59.bytesWrittenSys               1216                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls59.avgRdBW                       8.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls59.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls59.avgRdBWSys                    9.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls59.avgWrBWSys                    1.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls59.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls59.busUtil                       0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls59.busUtilRead                   0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls59.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls59.totGap                   963724000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls59.avgGap                  6099518.99                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls59.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl59         8448                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls59.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl59 8725735.807897472754                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls59.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl59          139                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls59.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl59           19                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls59.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl59      4149248                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls59.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl59     29850.71                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls59.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl59         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls59.pageHitRate                  27.52                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls59.rank1.actEnergy             571200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank1.preEnergy             296010                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank1.readEnergy            842520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank1.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank1.actBackEnergy      144374160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank1.preBackEnergy      250199520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank1.totalEnergy        472498770                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank1.averagePower      488.032604                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls59.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    648885816                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    287044684                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59.rank0.actEnergy              78540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank0.preEnergy              41745                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank0.readEnergy             99960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank0.refreshEnergy   76215360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank0.actBackEnergy       31143090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank0.preBackEnergy      345552000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank0.totalEnergy        453130695                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank0.averagePower      468.027785                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls59.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    898009510                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     32240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     37920990                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu29.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu29.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu29.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu29.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu29.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu28.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu28.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu28.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu28.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu28.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu25.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu25.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu25.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu25.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu25.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu24.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu24.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu24.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu24.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu24.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu27.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu27.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu27.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu27.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu27.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu26.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu26.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu26.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu26.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu26.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu21.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu21.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu21.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu21.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu21.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu20.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu20.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu20.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu20.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu20.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu23.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu23.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu23.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu23.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu23.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu22.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu22.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu22.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu22.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu22.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    968170500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
