
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                  176614000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                   4549                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1003648                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                     9425                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     7.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                               23101820                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                       34777                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                         72056                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.000177                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   176614000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu00.Branches                            8210                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu00.committedInsts                     34777                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                       72056                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.dtb.rdAccesses                      8206                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu00.dtb.rdMisses                         116                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu00.dtb.wrAccesses                      4168                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu00.dtb.wrMisses                          19                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu00.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu00.itb.wrAccesses                     45460                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu00.itb.wrMisses                          94                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.numCycles                         353228                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                   353228                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_reads              52132                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_writes             25043                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts         6818                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                 5040                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                        5040                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads               7871                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes              3678                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                      1024                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses               68398                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                      68398                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads            130870                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes            55648                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                      8197                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                       12365                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                     4168                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass                1026      1.42%      1.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu                   55558     77.06%     78.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult                     18      0.02%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                      45      0.06%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                    46      0.06%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                    416      0.58%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                    718      1.00%     80.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     80.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                   1002      1.39%     81.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                   709      0.98%     82.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     82.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     82.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                  190      0.26%     82.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     82.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     82.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     82.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     82.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     82.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     82.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     82.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     82.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     82.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     82.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     82.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     82.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     82.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     82.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     82.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     82.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     82.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     82.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     82.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     82.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     82.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     82.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     82.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     82.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     82.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     82.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   7120      9.88%     92.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                  3364      4.67%     97.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemRead              1077      1.49%     98.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemWrite              804      1.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total                    72093                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.workload.numSyscalls                  38                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu01.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu01.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu01.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu01.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu01.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu01.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu02.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu02.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu02.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu02.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu02.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu02.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu03.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu03.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu03.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu03.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu03.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu03.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu04.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu04.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu04.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu04.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu04.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu04.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu05.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu05.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu05.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu05.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu05.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu05.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu06.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu06.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu06.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu06.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu06.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu06.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu07.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu07.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu07.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu07.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu07.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu07.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu08.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu08.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu08.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu08.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu08.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu08.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu09.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu09.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu09.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu09.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu09.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu09.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu10.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu10.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu10.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu10.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu10.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu10.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu11.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu11.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu11.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu11.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu11.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu11.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu12.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu12.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu12.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu12.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu12.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu12.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu13.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu13.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu13.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu13.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu13.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu13.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu14.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu14.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu14.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu14.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu14.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu14.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu15.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu15.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu15.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu15.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu15.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu15.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu16.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu16.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu16.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu16.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu16.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu16.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu16.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu16.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu16.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu16.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu16.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu16.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu16.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu16.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu16.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu16.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu16.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu16.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu16.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu16.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu16.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu16.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu16.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu16.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu16.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu16.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu16.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu16.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu16.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu16.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu16.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu16.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu16.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu16.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu17.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu17.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu17.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu17.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu17.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu17.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu17.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu17.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu17.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu17.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu17.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu17.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu17.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu17.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu17.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu17.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu17.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu17.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu17.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu17.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu17.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu17.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu17.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu17.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu17.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu17.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu17.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu17.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu17.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu17.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu17.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu17.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu17.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu17.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu18.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu18.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu18.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu18.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu18.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu18.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu18.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu18.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu18.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu18.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu18.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu18.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu18.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu18.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu18.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu18.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu18.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu18.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu18.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu18.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu18.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu18.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu18.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu18.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu18.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu18.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu18.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu18.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu18.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu18.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu18.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu18.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu18.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu18.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu19.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu19.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu19.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu19.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu19.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu19.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu19.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu19.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu19.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu19.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu19.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu19.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu19.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu19.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu19.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu19.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu19.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu19.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu19.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu19.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu19.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu19.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu19.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu19.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu19.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu19.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu19.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu19.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu19.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu19.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu19.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu19.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu19.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu19.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu20.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu20.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu20.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu20.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu20.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu20.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu20.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu20.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu20.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu20.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu20.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu20.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu20.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu20.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu20.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu20.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu20.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu20.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu20.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu20.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu20.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu20.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu20.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu20.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu20.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu20.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu20.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu20.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu20.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu20.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu20.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu20.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu20.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu20.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu21.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu21.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu21.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu21.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu21.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu21.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu21.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu21.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu21.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu21.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu21.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu21.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu21.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu21.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu21.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu21.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu21.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu21.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu21.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu21.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu21.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu21.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu21.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu21.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu21.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu21.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu21.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu21.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu21.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu21.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu21.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu21.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu21.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu21.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu22.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu22.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu22.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu22.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu22.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu22.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu22.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu22.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu22.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu22.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu22.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu22.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu22.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu22.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu22.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu22.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu22.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu22.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu22.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu22.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu22.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu22.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu22.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu22.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu22.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu22.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu22.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu22.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu22.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu22.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu22.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu22.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu22.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu22.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu23.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu23.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu23.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu23.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu23.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu23.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu23.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu23.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu23.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu23.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu23.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu23.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu23.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu23.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu23.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu23.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu23.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu23.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu23.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu23.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu23.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu23.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu23.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu23.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu23.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu23.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu23.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu23.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu23.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu23.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu23.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu23.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu23.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu23.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu24.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu24.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu24.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu24.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu24.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu24.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu24.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu24.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu24.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu24.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu24.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu24.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu24.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu24.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu24.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu24.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu24.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu24.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu24.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu24.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu24.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu24.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu24.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu24.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu24.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu24.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu24.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu24.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu24.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu24.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu24.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu24.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu24.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu24.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu25.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu25.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu25.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu25.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu25.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu25.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu25.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu25.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu25.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu25.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu25.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu25.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu25.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu25.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu25.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu25.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu25.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu25.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu25.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu25.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu25.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu25.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu25.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu25.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu25.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu25.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu25.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu25.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu25.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu25.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu25.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu25.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu25.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu25.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu26.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu26.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu26.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu26.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu26.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu26.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu26.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu26.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu26.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu26.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu26.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu26.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu26.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu26.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu26.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu26.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu26.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu26.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu26.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu26.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu26.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu26.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu26.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu26.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu26.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu26.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu26.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu26.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu26.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu26.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu26.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu26.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu26.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu26.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu27.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu27.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu27.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu27.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu27.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu27.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu27.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu27.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu27.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu27.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu27.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu27.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu27.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu27.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu27.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu27.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu27.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu27.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu27.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu27.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu27.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu27.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu27.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu27.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu27.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu27.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu27.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu27.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu27.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu27.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu27.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu27.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu27.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu27.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu28.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu28.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu28.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu28.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu28.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu28.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu28.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu28.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu28.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu28.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu28.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu28.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu28.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu28.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu28.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu28.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu28.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu28.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu28.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu28.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu28.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu28.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu28.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu28.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu28.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu28.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu28.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu28.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu28.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu28.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu28.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu28.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu28.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu28.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu29.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu29.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu29.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu29.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu29.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu29.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu29.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu29.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu29.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu29.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu29.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu29.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu29.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu29.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu29.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu29.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu29.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu29.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu29.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu29.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu29.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu29.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu29.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu29.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu29.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu29.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu29.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu29.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu29.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu29.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu29.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu29.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu29.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu29.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu30.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu30.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu30.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu30.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu30.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu30.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu30.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu30.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu30.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu30.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu30.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu30.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu30.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu30.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu30.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu30.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu30.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu30.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu30.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu30.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu30.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu30.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu30.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu30.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu30.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu30.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu30.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu30.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu30.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu30.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu30.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu30.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu30.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu30.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu31.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu31.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu31.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu31.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu31.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu31.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu31.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu31.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu31.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu31.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu31.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu31.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu31.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu31.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu31.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu31.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu31.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu31.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu31.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu31.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu31.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu31.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu31.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu31.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu31.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu31.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu31.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu31.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu31.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu31.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu31.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu31.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu31.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu31.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu32.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu32.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu32.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu32.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu32.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu32.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu32.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu32.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu32.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu32.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu32.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu32.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu32.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu32.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu32.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu32.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu32.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu32.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu32.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu32.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu32.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu32.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu32.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu32.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu32.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu32.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu32.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu32.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu32.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu32.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu32.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu32.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu32.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu32.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu33.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu33.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu33.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu33.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu33.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu33.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu33.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu33.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu33.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu33.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu33.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu33.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu33.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu33.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu33.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu33.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu33.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu33.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu33.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu33.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu33.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu33.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu33.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu33.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu33.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu33.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu33.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu33.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu33.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu33.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu33.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu33.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu33.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu33.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu34.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu34.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu34.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu34.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu34.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu34.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu34.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu34.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu34.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu34.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu34.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu34.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu34.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu34.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu34.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu34.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu34.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu34.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu34.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu34.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu34.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu34.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu34.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu34.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu34.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu34.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu34.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu34.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu34.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu34.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu34.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu34.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu34.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu34.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu35.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu35.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu35.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu35.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu35.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu35.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu35.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu35.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu35.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu35.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu35.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu35.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu35.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu35.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu35.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu35.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu35.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu35.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu35.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu35.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu35.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu35.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu35.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu35.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu35.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu35.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu35.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu35.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu35.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu35.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu35.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu35.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu35.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu35.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu36.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu36.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu36.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu36.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu36.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu36.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu36.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu36.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu36.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu36.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu36.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu36.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu36.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu36.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu36.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu36.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu36.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu36.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu36.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu36.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu36.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu36.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu36.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu36.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu36.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu36.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu36.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu36.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu36.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu36.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu36.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu36.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu36.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu36.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu37.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu37.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu37.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu37.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu37.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu37.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu37.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu37.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu37.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu37.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu37.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu37.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu37.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu37.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu37.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu37.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu37.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu37.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu37.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu37.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu37.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu37.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu37.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu37.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu37.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu37.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu37.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu37.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu37.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu37.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu37.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu37.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu37.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu37.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu38.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu38.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu38.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu38.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu38.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu38.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu38.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu38.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu38.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu38.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu38.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu38.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu38.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu38.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu38.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu38.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu38.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu38.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu38.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu38.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu38.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu38.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu38.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu38.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu38.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu38.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu38.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu38.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu38.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu38.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu38.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu38.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu38.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu38.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu39.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu39.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu39.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu39.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu39.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu39.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu39.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu39.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu39.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu39.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu39.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu39.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu39.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu39.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu39.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu39.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu39.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu39.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu39.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu39.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu39.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu39.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu39.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu39.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu39.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu39.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu39.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu39.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu39.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu39.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu39.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu39.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu39.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu39.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu40.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu40.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu40.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu40.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu40.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu40.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu40.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu40.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu40.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu40.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu40.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu40.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu40.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu40.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu40.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu40.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu40.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu40.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu40.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu40.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu40.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu40.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu40.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu40.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu40.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu40.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu40.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu40.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu40.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu40.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu40.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu40.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu40.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu40.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu41.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu41.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu41.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu41.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu41.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu41.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu41.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu41.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu41.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu41.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu41.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu41.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu41.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu41.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu41.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu41.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu41.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu41.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu41.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu41.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu41.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu41.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu41.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu41.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu41.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu41.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu41.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu41.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu41.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu41.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu41.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu41.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu41.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu41.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu42.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu42.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu42.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu42.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu42.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu42.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu42.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu42.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu42.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu42.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu42.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu42.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu42.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu42.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu42.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu42.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu42.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu42.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu42.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu42.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu42.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu42.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu42.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu42.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu42.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu42.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu42.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu42.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu42.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu42.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu42.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu42.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu42.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu42.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu43.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu43.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu43.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu43.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu43.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu43.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu43.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu43.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu43.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu43.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu43.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu43.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu43.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu43.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu43.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu43.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu43.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu43.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu43.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu43.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu43.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu43.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu43.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu43.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu43.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu43.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu43.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu43.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu43.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu43.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu43.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu43.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu43.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu43.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu44.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu44.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu44.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu44.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu44.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu44.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu44.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu44.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu44.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu44.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu44.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu44.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu44.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu44.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu44.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu44.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu44.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu44.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu44.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu44.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu44.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu44.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu44.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu44.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu44.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu44.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu44.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu44.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu44.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu44.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu44.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu44.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu44.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu44.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu45.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu45.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu45.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu45.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu45.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu45.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu45.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu45.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu45.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu45.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu45.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu45.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu45.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu45.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu45.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu45.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu45.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu45.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu45.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu45.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu45.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu45.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu45.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu45.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu45.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu45.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu45.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu45.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu45.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu45.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu45.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu45.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu45.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu45.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu46.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu46.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu46.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu46.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu46.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu46.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu46.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu46.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu46.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu46.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu46.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu46.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu46.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu46.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu46.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu46.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu46.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu46.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu46.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu46.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu46.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu46.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu46.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu46.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu46.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu46.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu46.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu46.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu46.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu46.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu46.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu46.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu46.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu46.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu47.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu47.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu47.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu47.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu47.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu47.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu47.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu47.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu47.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu47.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu47.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu47.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu47.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu47.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu47.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu47.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu47.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu47.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu47.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu47.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu47.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu47.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu47.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu47.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu47.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu47.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu47.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu47.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu47.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu47.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu47.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu47.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu47.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu47.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu48.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu48.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu48.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu48.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu48.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu48.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu48.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu48.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu48.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu48.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu48.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu48.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu48.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu48.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu48.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu48.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu48.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu48.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu48.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu48.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu48.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu48.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu48.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu48.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu48.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu48.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu48.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu48.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu48.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu48.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu48.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu48.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu48.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu48.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu49.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu49.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu49.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu49.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu49.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu49.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu49.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu49.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu49.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu49.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu49.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu49.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu49.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu49.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu49.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu49.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu49.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu49.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu49.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu49.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu49.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu49.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu49.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu49.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu49.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu49.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu49.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu49.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu49.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu49.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu49.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu49.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu49.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu49.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu50.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu50.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu50.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu50.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu50.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu50.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu50.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu50.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu50.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu50.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu50.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu50.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu50.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu50.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu50.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu50.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu50.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu50.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu50.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu50.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu50.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu50.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu50.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu50.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu50.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu50.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu50.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu50.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu50.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu50.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu50.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu50.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu50.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu50.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu51.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu51.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu51.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu51.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu51.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu51.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu51.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu51.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu51.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu51.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu51.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu51.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu51.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu51.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu51.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu51.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu51.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu51.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu51.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu51.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu51.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu51.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu51.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu51.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu51.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu51.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu51.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu51.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu51.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu51.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu51.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu51.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu51.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu51.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu52.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu52.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu52.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu52.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu52.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu52.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu52.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu52.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu52.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu52.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu52.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu52.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu52.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu52.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu52.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu52.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu52.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu52.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu52.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu52.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu52.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu52.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu52.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu52.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu52.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu52.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu52.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu52.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu52.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu52.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu52.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu52.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu52.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu52.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu53.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu53.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu53.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu53.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu53.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu53.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu53.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu53.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu53.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu53.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu53.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu53.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu53.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu53.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu53.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu53.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu53.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu53.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu53.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu53.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu53.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu53.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu53.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu53.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu53.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu53.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu53.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu53.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu53.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu53.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu53.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu53.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu53.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu53.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu54.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu54.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu54.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu54.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu54.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu54.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu54.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu54.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu54.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu54.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu54.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu54.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu54.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu54.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu54.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu54.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu54.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu54.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu54.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu54.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu54.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu54.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu54.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu54.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu54.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu54.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu54.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu54.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu54.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu54.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu54.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu54.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu54.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu54.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu55.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu55.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu55.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu55.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu55.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu55.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu55.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu55.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu55.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu55.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu55.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu55.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu55.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu55.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu55.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu55.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu55.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu55.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu55.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu55.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu55.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu55.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu55.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu55.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu55.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu55.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu55.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu55.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu55.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu55.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu55.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu55.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu55.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu55.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu56.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu56.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu56.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu56.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu56.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu56.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu56.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu56.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu56.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu56.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu56.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu56.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu56.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu56.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu56.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu56.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu56.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu56.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu56.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu56.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu56.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu56.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu56.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu56.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu56.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu56.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu56.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu56.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu56.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu56.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu56.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu56.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu56.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu56.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu57.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu57.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu57.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu57.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu57.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu57.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu57.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu57.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu57.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu57.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu57.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu57.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu57.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu57.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu57.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu57.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu57.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu57.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu57.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu57.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu57.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu57.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu57.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu57.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu57.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu57.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu57.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu57.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu57.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu57.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu57.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu57.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu57.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu57.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu58.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu58.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu58.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu58.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu58.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu58.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu58.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu58.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu58.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu58.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu58.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu58.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu58.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu58.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu58.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu58.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu58.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu58.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu58.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu58.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu58.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu58.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu58.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu58.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu58.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu58.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu58.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu58.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu58.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu58.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu58.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu58.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu58.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu58.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu59.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu59.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu59.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu59.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu59.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu59.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu59.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu59.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu59.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu59.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu59.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu59.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu59.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu59.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu59.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu59.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu59.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu59.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu59.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu59.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu59.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu59.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu59.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu59.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu59.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu59.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu59.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu59.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu59.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu59.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu59.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu59.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu59.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu59.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu60.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu60.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu60.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu60.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu60.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu60.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu60.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu60.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu60.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu60.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu60.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu60.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu60.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu60.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu60.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu60.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu60.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu60.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu60.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu60.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu60.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu60.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu60.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu60.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu60.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu60.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu60.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu60.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu60.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu60.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu60.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu60.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu60.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu60.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu61.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu61.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu61.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu61.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu61.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu61.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu61.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu61.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu61.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu61.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu61.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu61.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu61.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu61.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu61.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu61.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu61.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu61.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu61.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu61.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu61.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu61.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu61.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu61.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu61.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu61.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu61.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu61.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu61.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu61.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu61.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu61.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu61.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu61.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu62.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu62.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu62.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu62.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu62.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu62.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu62.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu62.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu62.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu62.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu62.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu62.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu62.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu62.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu62.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu62.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu62.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu62.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu62.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu62.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu62.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu62.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu62.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu62.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu62.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu62.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu62.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu62.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu62.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu62.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu62.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu62.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu62.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu62.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu63.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu63.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu63.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu63.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu63.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu63.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu63.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu63.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu63.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu63.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu63.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu63.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu63.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu63.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu63.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu63.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu63.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu63.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu63.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu63.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu63.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu63.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu63.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu63.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu63.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu63.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu63.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu63.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu63.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu63.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu63.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu63.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu63.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu63.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.deallocTBE |           6      1.69%      1.69% |          11      3.09%      4.78% |           3      0.84%      5.62% |           3      0.84%      6.46% |           3      0.84%      7.30% |           4      1.12%      8.43% |           4      1.12%      9.55% |           2      0.56%     10.11% |           5      1.40%     11.52% |           4      1.12%     12.64% |           5      1.40%     14.04% |           4      1.12%     15.17% |           7      1.97%     17.13% |           5      1.40%     18.54% |           2      0.56%     19.10% |           3      0.84%     19.94% |           3      0.84%     20.79% |           2      0.56%     21.35% |           1      0.28%     21.63% |           3      0.84%     22.47% |           6      1.69%     24.16% |           6      1.69%     25.84% |           3      0.84%     26.69% |           2      0.56%     27.25% |           1      0.28%     27.53% |           3      0.84%     28.37% |           6      1.69%     30.06% |           7      1.97%     32.02% |           7      1.97%     33.99% |          10      2.81%     36.80% |           4      1.12%     37.92% |           1      0.28%     38.20% |           4      1.12%     39.33% |           4      1.12%     40.45% |           3      0.84%     41.29% |           3      0.84%     42.13% |           5      1.40%     43.54% |           6      1.69%     45.22% |           5      1.40%     46.63% |           6      1.69%     48.31% |           4      1.12%     49.44% |           4      1.12%     50.56% |           4      1.12%     51.69% |           6      1.69%     53.37% |           5      1.40%     54.78% |           7      1.97%     56.74% |           7      1.97%     58.71% |           3      0.84%     59.55% |           4      1.12%     60.67% |           8      2.25%     62.92% |           9      2.53%     65.45% |          11      3.09%     68.54% |           8      2.25%     70.79% |          10      2.81%     73.60% |           8      2.25%     75.84% |          12      3.37%     79.21% |           9      2.53%     81.74% |          16      4.49%     86.24% |          14      3.93%     90.17% |           8      2.25%     92.42% |           9      2.53%     94.94% |           7      1.97%     96.91% |           6      1.69%     98.60% |           5      1.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.deallocTBE::total          356                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I_GetML1C1_0.Progress |           4      1.09%      1.09% |           6      1.63%      2.72% |           4      1.09%      3.81% |           4      1.09%      4.90% |           4      1.09%      5.99% |           5      1.36%      7.36% |           4      1.09%      8.45% |           4      1.09%      9.54% |           3      0.82%     10.35% |           3      0.82%     11.17% |           4      1.09%     12.26% |           5      1.36%     13.62% |           3      0.82%     14.44% |           4      1.09%     15.53% |           4      1.09%     16.62% |           4      1.09%     17.71% |           4      1.09%     18.80% |           5      1.36%     20.16% |           4      1.09%     21.25% |           4      1.09%     22.34% |           4      1.09%     23.43% |           4      1.09%     24.52% |           3      0.82%     25.34% |           4      1.09%     26.43% |           5      1.36%     27.79% |           5      1.36%     29.16% |           5      1.36%     30.52% |           4      1.09%     31.61% |           5      1.36%     32.97% |           6      1.63%     34.60% |           5      1.36%     35.97% |           6      1.63%     37.60% |           5      1.36%     38.96% |           6      1.63%     40.60% |           6      1.63%     42.23% |           7      1.91%     44.14% |           6      1.63%     45.78% |           7      1.91%     47.68% |           8      2.18%     49.86% |           9      2.45%     52.32% |           8      2.18%     54.50% |           9      2.45%     56.95% |           9      2.45%     59.40% |           9      2.45%     61.85% |           7      1.91%     63.76% |           9      2.45%     66.21% |           8      2.18%     68.39% |           6      1.63%     70.03% |           7      1.91%     71.93% |           8      2.18%     74.11% |          10      2.72%     76.84% |           9      2.45%     79.29% |           9      2.45%     81.74% |           9      2.45%     84.20% |           7      1.91%     86.10% |           6      1.63%     87.74% |           6      1.63%     89.37% |           6      1.63%     91.01% |           5      1.36%     92.37% |           5      1.36%     93.73% |           5      1.36%     95.10% |           6      1.63%     96.73% |           5      1.36%     98.09% |           7      1.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I_GetML1C1_0.Progress::total          367                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I_GetSL1C1_0.Progress |          17      1.95%      1.95% |          21      2.41%      4.36% |          12      1.38%      5.74% |          13      1.49%      7.23% |          14      1.61%      8.84% |          13      1.49%     10.33% |          14      1.61%     11.94% |          10      1.15%     13.09% |          13      1.49%     14.58% |          12      1.38%     15.96% |          15      1.72%     17.68% |          15      1.72%     19.40% |          18      2.07%     21.47% |          13      1.49%     22.96% |          13      1.49%     24.45% |          13      1.49%     25.95% |          13      1.49%     27.44% |          11      1.26%     28.70% |           9      1.03%     29.74% |          10      1.15%     30.88% |          13      1.49%     32.38% |          13      1.49%     33.87% |          10      1.15%     35.02% |           8      0.92%     35.94% |           7      0.80%     36.74% |          13      1.49%     38.23% |          15      1.72%     39.95% |          16      1.84%     41.79% |          15      1.72%     43.51% |          16      1.84%     45.35% |          13      1.49%     46.84% |           6      0.69%     47.53% |          13      1.49%     49.02% |          12      1.38%     50.40% |          11      1.26%     51.66% |          10      1.15%     52.81% |          13      1.49%     54.31% |          13      1.49%     55.80% |          11      1.26%     57.06% |          10      1.15%     58.21% |           9      1.03%     59.24% |           9      1.03%     60.28% |           9      1.03%     61.31% |          12      1.38%     62.69% |          13      1.49%     64.18% |          13      1.49%     65.67% |          13      1.49%     67.16% |          11      1.26%     68.43% |          11      1.26%     69.69% |          15      1.72%     71.41% |          14      1.61%     73.02% |          17      1.95%     74.97% |          14      1.61%     76.58% |          16      1.84%     78.42% |          15      1.72%     80.14% |          20      2.30%     82.43% |          18      2.07%     84.50% |          26      2.99%     87.49% |          25      2.87%     90.36% |          19      2.18%     92.54% |          20      2.30%     94.83% |          17      1.95%     96.79% |          16      1.84%     98.62% |          12      1.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I_GetSL1C1_0.Progress::total          871                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.deallocTBE |           6      1.46%      1.46% |           8      1.94%      3.40% |           5      1.21%      4.61% |           4      0.97%      5.58% |           4      0.97%      6.55% |           5      1.21%      7.77% |           4      0.97%      8.74% |           4      0.97%      9.71% |           3      0.73%     10.44% |           3      0.73%     11.17% |           4      0.97%     12.14% |           5      1.21%     13.35% |           5      1.21%     14.56% |           4      0.97%     15.53% |           4      0.97%     16.50% |           4      0.97%     17.48% |           4      0.97%     18.45% |           5      1.21%     19.66% |           5      1.21%     20.87% |           5      1.21%     22.09% |           5      1.21%     23.30% |           5      1.21%     24.51% |           4      0.97%     25.49% |           5      1.21%     26.70% |           6      1.46%     28.16% |           6      1.46%     29.61% |           6      1.46%     31.07% |           5      1.21%     32.28% |           6      1.46%     33.74% |           6      1.46%     35.19% |           6      1.46%     36.65% |           6      1.46%     38.11% |           6      1.46%     39.56% |           6      1.46%     41.02% |           7      1.70%     42.72% |           7      1.70%     44.42% |           6      1.46%     45.87% |           7      1.70%     47.57% |           9      2.18%     49.76% |           9      2.18%     51.94% |           9      2.18%     54.13% |           9      2.18%     56.31% |           9      2.18%     58.50% |           9      2.18%     60.68% |           7      1.70%     62.38% |           9      2.18%     64.56% |           8      1.94%     66.50% |           7      1.70%     68.20% |           8      1.94%     70.15% |           9      2.18%     72.33% |          10      2.43%     74.76% |          11      2.67%     77.43% |           9      2.18%     79.61% |           9      2.18%     81.80% |           8      1.94%     83.74% |           6      1.46%     85.19% |           8      1.94%     87.14% |          10      2.43%     89.56% |           8      1.94%     91.50% |           7      1.70%     93.20% |           7      1.70%     94.90% |           8      1.94%     96.84% |           6      1.46%     98.30% |           7      1.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.deallocTBE::total          412                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_PutML1C1_0.Progress |           1      2.00%      2.00% |           3      6.00%      8.00% |           0      0.00%      8.00% |           0      0.00%      8.00% |           0      0.00%      8.00% |           1      2.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           1      2.00%     12.00% |           2      4.00%     16.00% |           0      0.00%     16.00% |           0      0.00%     16.00% |           1      2.00%     18.00% |           0      0.00%     18.00% |           0      0.00%     18.00% |           0      0.00%     18.00% |           0      0.00%     18.00% |           0      0.00%     18.00% |           1      2.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1      2.00%     22.00% |           0      0.00%     22.00% |           1      2.00%     24.00% |           0      0.00%     24.00% |           1      2.00%     26.00% |           1      2.00%     28.00% |           1      2.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           1      2.00%     32.00% |           0      0.00%     32.00% |           0      0.00%     32.00% |           0      0.00%     32.00% |           0      0.00%     32.00% |           0      0.00%     32.00% |           0      0.00%     32.00% |           0      0.00%     32.00% |           0      0.00%     32.00% |           1      2.00%     34.00% |           0      0.00%     34.00% |           0      0.00%     34.00% |           1      2.00%     36.00% |           0      0.00%     36.00% |           1      2.00%     38.00% |           0      0.00%     38.00% |           1      2.00%     40.00% |           1      2.00%     42.00% |           0      0.00%     42.00% |           0      0.00%     42.00% |           2      4.00%     46.00% |           3      6.00%     52.00% |           3      6.00%     58.00% |           1      2.00%     60.00% |           3      6.00%     66.00% |           2      4.00%     70.00% |           1      2.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           3      6.00%     78.00% |           1      2.00%     80.00% |           3      6.00%     86.00% |           2      4.00%     90.00% |           2      4.00%     94.00% |           1      2.00%     96.00% |           2      4.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_PutML1C1_0.Progress::total           50                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Progress |          24      1.80%      1.80% |          32      2.40%      4.20% |          17      1.28%      5.48% |          17      1.28%      6.75% |          18      1.35%      8.10% |          19      1.43%      9.53% |          18      1.35%     10.88% |          14      1.05%     11.93% |          16      1.20%     13.13% |          16      1.20%     14.33% |          21      1.58%     15.90% |          20      1.50%     17.40% |          23      1.73%     19.13% |          18      1.35%     20.48% |          17      1.28%     21.76% |          17      1.28%     23.03% |          17      1.28%     24.31% |          16      1.20%     25.51% |          14      1.05%     26.56% |          16      1.20%     27.76% |          18      1.35%     29.11% |          19      1.43%     30.53% |          14      1.05%     31.58% |          14      1.05%     32.63% |          13      0.98%     33.61% |          20      1.50%     35.11% |          22      1.65%     36.76% |          22      1.65%     38.41% |          21      1.58%     39.98% |          23      1.73%     41.71% |          19      1.43%     43.14% |          12      0.90%     44.04% |          19      1.43%     45.46% |          18      1.35%     46.81% |          18      1.35%     48.16% |          17      1.28%     49.44% |          19      1.43%     50.86% |          20      1.50%     52.36% |          21      1.58%     53.94% |          19      1.43%     55.36% |          18      1.35%     56.71% |          19      1.43%     58.14% |          18      1.35%     59.49% |          22      1.65%     61.14% |          20      1.50%     62.64% |          23      1.73%     64.37% |          22      1.65%     66.02% |          18      1.35%     67.37% |          19      1.43%     68.79% |          26      1.95%     70.74% |          27      2.03%     72.77% |          31      2.33%     75.09% |          24      1.80%     76.89% |          28      2.10%     78.99% |          25      1.88%     80.87% |          27      2.03%     82.90% |          26      1.95%     84.85% |          39      2.93%     87.77% |          34      2.55%     90.32% |          29      2.18%     92.50% |          29      2.18%     94.67% |          27      2.03%     96.70% |          23      1.73%     98.42% |          21      1.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Progress::total         1333                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.deallocTBE |          17      1.95%      1.95% |          21      2.41%      4.36% |          12      1.38%      5.74% |          13      1.49%      7.23% |          14      1.61%      8.84% |          13      1.49%     10.33% |          14      1.61%     11.94% |          10      1.15%     13.09% |          13      1.49%     14.58% |          12      1.38%     15.96% |          15      1.72%     17.68% |          15      1.72%     19.40% |          18      2.07%     21.47% |          13      1.49%     22.96% |          13      1.49%     24.45% |          13      1.49%     25.95% |          13      1.49%     27.44% |          11      1.26%     28.70% |           9      1.03%     29.74% |          10      1.15%     30.88% |          13      1.49%     32.38% |          13      1.49%     33.87% |          10      1.15%     35.02% |           8      0.92%     35.94% |           7      0.80%     36.74% |          13      1.49%     38.23% |          15      1.72%     39.95% |          16      1.84%     41.79% |          15      1.72%     43.51% |          16      1.84%     45.35% |          13      1.49%     46.84% |           6      0.69%     47.53% |          13      1.49%     49.02% |          12      1.38%     50.40% |          11      1.26%     51.66% |          10      1.15%     52.81% |          13      1.49%     54.31% |          13      1.49%     55.80% |          11      1.26%     57.06% |          10      1.15%     58.21% |           9      1.03%     59.24% |           9      1.03%     60.28% |           9      1.03%     61.31% |          12      1.38%     62.69% |          13      1.49%     64.18% |          13      1.49%     65.67% |          13      1.49%     67.16% |          11      1.26%     68.43% |          11      1.26%     69.69% |          15      1.72%     71.41% |          14      1.61%     73.02% |          17      1.95%     74.97% |          14      1.61%     76.58% |          16      1.84%     78.42% |          15      1.72%     80.14% |          20      2.30%     82.43% |          18      2.07%     84.50% |          26      2.99%     87.49% |          25      2.87%     90.36% |          19      2.18%     92.54% |          20      2.30%     94.83% |          17      1.95%     96.79% |          16      1.84%     98.62% |          12      1.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.deallocTBE::total          871                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S_GetML1C1_0.Progress |           2      4.44%      4.44% |           2      4.44%      8.89% |           1      2.22%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           2      4.44%     15.56% |           0      0.00%     15.56% |           0      0.00%     15.56% |           0      0.00%     15.56% |           0      0.00%     15.56% |           0      0.00%     15.56% |           1      2.22%     17.78% |           1      2.22%     20.00% |           1      2.22%     22.22% |           1      2.22%     24.44% |           1      2.22%     26.67% |           1      2.22%     28.89% |           1      2.22%     31.11% |           1      2.22%     33.33% |           1      2.22%     35.56% |           1      2.22%     37.78% |           1      2.22%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1      2.22%     42.22% |           0      0.00%     42.22% |           1      2.22%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      2.22%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           1      2.22%     48.89% |           0      0.00%     48.89% |           1      2.22%     51.11% |           0      0.00%     51.11% |           0      0.00%     51.11% |           0      0.00%     51.11% |           0      0.00%     51.11% |           0      0.00%     51.11% |           0      0.00%     51.11% |           1      2.22%     53.33% |           1      2.22%     55.56% |           1      2.22%     57.78% |           0      0.00%     57.78% |           2      4.44%     62.22% |           0      0.00%     62.22% |           0      0.00%     62.22% |           1      2.22%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           2      4.44%     68.89% |           4      8.89%     77.78% |           3      6.67%     84.44% |           2      4.44%     88.89% |           2      4.44%     93.33% |           2      4.44%     97.78% |           1      2.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S_GetML1C1_0.Progress::total           45                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.deallocTBE |          29      1.77%      1.77% |          40      2.44%      4.21% |          20      1.22%      5.43% |          20      1.22%      6.65% |          21      1.28%      7.93% |          22      1.34%      9.27% |          22      1.34%     10.62% |          16      0.98%     11.59% |          21      1.28%     12.87% |          19      1.16%     14.03% |          24      1.46%     15.50% |          24      1.46%     16.96% |          30      1.83%     18.79% |          22      1.34%     20.13% |          19      1.16%     21.29% |          20      1.22%     22.51% |          20      1.22%     23.73% |          18      1.10%     24.83% |          15      0.92%     25.75% |          18      1.10%     26.85% |          24      1.46%     28.31% |          24      1.46%     29.77% |          17      1.04%     30.81% |          15      0.92%     31.73% |          14      0.85%     32.58% |          22      1.34%     33.92% |          27      1.65%     35.57% |          28      1.71%     37.28% |          28      1.71%     38.99% |          32      1.95%     40.94% |          23      1.40%     42.34% |          13      0.79%     43.14% |          23      1.40%     44.54% |          22      1.34%     45.88% |          21      1.28%     47.16% |          20      1.22%     48.38% |          24      1.46%     49.85% |          26      1.59%     51.43% |          25      1.53%     52.96% |          25      1.53%     54.48% |          22      1.34%     55.83% |          22      1.34%     57.17% |          22      1.34%     58.51% |          27      1.65%     60.16% |          25      1.53%     61.68% |          29      1.77%     63.45% |          28      1.71%     65.16% |          21      1.28%     66.44% |          23      1.40%     67.85% |          32      1.95%     69.80% |          33      2.01%     71.81% |          39      2.38%     74.19% |          31      1.89%     76.08% |          35      2.14%     78.22% |          31      1.89%     80.11% |          38      2.32%     82.43% |          35      2.14%     84.56% |          52      3.17%     87.74% |          47      2.87%     90.60% |          34      2.07%     92.68% |          36      2.20%     94.87% |          32      1.95%     96.83% |          28      1.71%     98.54% |          24      1.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.deallocTBE::total         1639                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        44969                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |       44969    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        44969                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples        45459                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     0.003718                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.792641                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |       45458    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total        45459                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples          490                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     0.344898                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     7.634642                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |         489     99.80%     99.80% |           0      0.00%     99.80% |           0      0.00%     99.80% |           0      0.00%     99.80% |           0      0.00%     99.80% |           1      0.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total          490                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.allocI_load |         871    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.allocI_load::total          871                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.allocI_store |         367    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.allocI_store::total          367                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.deallocfwdfrom_in |         356    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.deallocfwdfrom_in::total          356                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.MloadMEvent |        3820    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.MloadMEvent::total         3820                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.MstoreMEvent |        3826    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.MstoreMEvent::total         3826                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.allocTBE |          50    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.allocTBE::total           50                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.externalstoreMrespfrom_in |         412    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.externalstoreMrespfrom_in::total          412                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_evict.Progress |          50    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_evict.Progress::total           50                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_evict.Stallmandatory_in |         372    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_evict.Stallmandatory_in::total          372                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MloadMEvent |        3820    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MloadMEvent::total         3820                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MstoreMEvent |        3826    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MstoreMEvent::total         3826                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Progress  |         401    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Progress::total          401                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.SloadSEvent |       48867    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.SloadSEvent::total        48867                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.allocTBE |         351    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.allocTBE::total          351                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.externalloadSrespfrom_in |         871    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.externalloadSrespfrom_in::total          871                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_evict.Progress |         306    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_evict.Progress::total          306                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_evict.Stallmandatory_in |        1595    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_evict.Stallmandatory_in::total         1595                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_store.Progress |          45    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_store.Progress::total           45                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SloadSEvent |       48867    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SloadSEvent::total        48867                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Stallmandatory_in |        1967    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Stallmandatory_in::total         1967                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.allocI_load |         871    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.allocI_load::total          871                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.allocI_store |         367    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.allocI_store::total          367                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.allocTBE  |         401    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.allocTBE::total          401                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.deallocfwdfrom_in |         356    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.deallocfwdfrom_in::total          356                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.externalloadSrespfrom_in |         871    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.externalloadSrespfrom_in::total          871                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.externalstoreMrespfrom_in |         412    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.externalstoreMrespfrom_in::total          412                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples         7718                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |        7718    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total         7718                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples         8099                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |        8099    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total          8099                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples          381                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |         381    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total          381                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples           58                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |          58    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total           58                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples           21                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total           21                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3768                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |        3768    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total         3768                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples         4159                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |        4159    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total          4159                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples          391                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |         391    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total          391                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000102                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2160.143029                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000082                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.reqTo.avg_stall_time  2989.176962                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   498.100377                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000391                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2987.642543                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000123                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   497.948917                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000187                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2158.435916                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000113                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.reqTo.avg_stall_time  3930.866183                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000091                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   491.038366                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000493                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2945.270477                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000165                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   490.886906                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000085                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  1456.090692                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.reqTo.avg_stall_time  5953.270975                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   495.962947                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000323                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2974.817965                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000116                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   495.811487                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  1444.811858                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.reqTo.avg_stall_time  6695.864995                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   478.274656                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000340                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2868.688213                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000106                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   478.123195                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000119                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  1692.453607                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000085                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.reqTo.avg_stall_time  7931.556955                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000065                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   495.720894                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000391                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2973.365645                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000109                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   495.569434                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000085                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  1227.040335                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.reqTo.avg_stall_time  8189.950971                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000051                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   454.917221                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000289                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2728.543605                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   454.765761                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000034                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  1688.258016                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000054                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.reqTo.avg_stall_time  8656.788258                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000048                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   432.837997                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000289                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2596.068264                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000089                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   432.686537                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000051                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2245.753455                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.reqTo.avg_stall_time 10452.005507                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000048                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   475.089744                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000289                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2849.578743                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000088                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   474.938284                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl16.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000051                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl16.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  1684.368178                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl16.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl16.reqTo.avg_stall_time  4664.933133                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl16.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000048                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl16.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   466.491898                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl16.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000289                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl16.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2797.991667                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl16.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000089                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl16.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   466.340438                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl17.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000034                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl17.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2223.263732                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl17.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000051                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl17.reqTo.avg_stall_time  5718.199012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl17.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl17.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   476.515169                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl17.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000272                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl17.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2858.131293                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl17.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000085                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl17.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   476.363709                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl18.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl18.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time    34.923636                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl18.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000042                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl18.reqTo.avg_stall_time  6676.325208                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl18.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000040                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl18.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   476.878956                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl18.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000238                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl18.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2860.314019                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl18.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000076                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl18.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   476.727496                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl19.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000051                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl19.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2264.438271                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl19.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000051                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl19.reqTo.avg_stall_time  7661.702925                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl19.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl19.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   478.784241                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl19.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000255                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl19.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2871.745729                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl19.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000086                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl19.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   478.632781                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000051                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2251.545748                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.reqTo.avg_stall_time  4999.844293                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000048                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.983014                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000289                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2998.810966                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000086                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.810321                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl20.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000102                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl20.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2262.544310                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl20.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl20.reqTo.avg_stall_time  8041.621847                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl20.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000051                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl20.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   446.755354                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl20.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000306                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl20.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2679.572403                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl20.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl20.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   446.603894                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl21.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000102                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl21.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2234.822838                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl21.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl21.reqTo.avg_stall_time  9495.509985                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl21.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000054                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl21.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   474.703308                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl21.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000306                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl21.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2847.260127                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl21.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000102                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl21.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   474.551848                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl22.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000051                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl22.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  1668.783343                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl22.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000048                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl22.reqTo.avg_stall_time  9822.576360                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl22.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000040                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl22.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   446.479328                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl22.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000238                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl22.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2677.916249                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl22.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000074                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl22.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   446.327868                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl23.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000034                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl23.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  1666.549658                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl23.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000042                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl23.reqTo.avg_stall_time 11375.927167                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl23.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000040                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl23.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   473.924774                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl23.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000221                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl23.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2842.588924                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl23.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000075                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl23.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   473.773314                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl24.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl24.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  1664.315973                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl24.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000040                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl24.reqTo.avg_stall_time  5373.922796                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl24.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000037                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl24.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   447.825484                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl24.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000221                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl24.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2685.993185                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl24.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000069                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl24.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   447.674024                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl25.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000051                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl25.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time   677.961556                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl25.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl25.reqTo.avg_stall_time  6664.398068                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl25.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl25.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   475.946131                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl25.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000323                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl25.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2854.717067                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl25.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000107                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl25.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   475.794671                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl26.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000102                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl26.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2135.708386                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl26.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000076                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl26.reqTo.avg_stall_time  7612.465605                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl26.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl26.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   475.706909                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl26.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000357                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl26.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2853.281734                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl26.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000115                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl26.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   475.555449                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl27.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000119                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl27.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2082.660496                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl27.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000079                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl27.reqTo.avg_stall_time  8250.821004                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl27.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl27.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   458.298889                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl27.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000357                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl27.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2748.833616                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl27.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000116                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl27.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   458.147429                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl28.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000119                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl28.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  1789.215471                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl28.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000079                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl28.reqTo.avg_stall_time  9966.876918                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl28.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl28.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   498.342430                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl28.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000357                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl28.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2989.094862                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl28.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000109                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl28.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   498.190970                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl29.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000170                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl29.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2266.434149                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl29.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000091                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl29.reqTo.avg_stall_time 10345.983335                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl29.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000065                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl29.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   470.206213                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl29.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000374                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl29.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2820.277555                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl29.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000117                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl29.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   470.054752                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000051                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2249.736718                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.reqTo.avg_stall_time  5678.858982                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000048                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   473.236833                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000289                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2838.461278                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000083                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   473.085373                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl30.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl30.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time   605.175707                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl30.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000065                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl30.reqTo.avg_stall_time 11226.312754                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl30.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000054                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl30.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   467.761616                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl30.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000323                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl30.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2805.609975                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl30.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000098                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl30.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   467.610156                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl31.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl31.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time   212.429382                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl31.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000037                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl31.reqTo.avg_stall_time 12199.047079                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl31.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000034                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl31.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   469.192703                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl31.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000204                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl31.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2814.196497                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl31.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000066                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl31.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   469.041243                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl32.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl32.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time   864.648341                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl32.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000065                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl32.reqTo.avg_stall_time  6401.262078                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl32.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000054                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl32.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   457.231590                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl32.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000323                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl32.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2742.429820                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl32.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000102                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl32.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   457.080130                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl33.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl33.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  1540.851809                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl33.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl33.reqTo.avg_stall_time  7323.926759                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl33.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000051                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl33.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   457.744007                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl33.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000306                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl33.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2745.504322                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl33.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl33.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   457.592547                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl34.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000051                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl34.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  1366.004403                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl34.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl34.reqTo.avg_stall_time  8435.812000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl34.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000051                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl34.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   468.654807                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl34.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000306                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl34.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2810.969120                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl34.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl34.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   468.503346                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl35.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000051                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl35.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  1848.276474                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl35.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl35.reqTo.avg_stall_time  9779.745661                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl35.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000048                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl35.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   488.985868                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl35.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000289                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl35.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2932.955485                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl35.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000090                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl35.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   488.834407                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl36.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000085                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl36.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  1761.850710                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl36.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl36.reqTo.avg_stall_time 10736.388397                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl36.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000054                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl36.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   488.016239                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl36.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000323                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl36.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2927.137713                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl36.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000102                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl36.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   487.864779                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl37.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000102                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl37.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  1759.634011                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl37.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000074                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl37.reqTo.avg_stall_time 11278.494348                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl37.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl37.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   469.935849                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl37.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000340                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl37.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2818.655374                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl37.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000105                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl37.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   469.784389                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl38.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000085                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl38.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  1356.746926                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl38.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000071                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl38.reqTo.avg_stall_time 12676.834794                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl38.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl38.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   487.503822                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl38.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000340                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl38.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2924.063212                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl38.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000113                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl38.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   487.352362                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl39.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000102                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl39.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  1354.360366                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl39.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000071                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl39.reqTo.avg_stall_time 13933.215940                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl39.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000054                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl39.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   497.613439                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl39.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000323                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl39.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2984.720917                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl39.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000102                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl39.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   497.461979                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000051                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  1476.796865                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.reqTo.avg_stall_time  6594.341334                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000051                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   471.022966                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000306                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2825.178073                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   470.871505                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl40.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl40.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  1814.270110                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl40.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl40.reqTo.avg_stall_time  7965.937015                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl40.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000051                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl40.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   497.869648                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl40.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000306                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl40.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2986.258168                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl40.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl40.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   497.718188                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl41.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl41.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  1482.096558                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl41.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl41.reqTo.avg_stall_time  8937.895637                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl41.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000054                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl41.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   496.469702                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl41.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000306                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl41.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2977.858494                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl41.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000102                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl41.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   496.318242                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl42.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl42.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2704.482659                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl42.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl42.reqTo.avg_stall_time  9934.942870                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl42.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000051                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl42.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   496.745728                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl42.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000306                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl42.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2979.514648                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl42.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl42.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   496.594268                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl43.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000102                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl43.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2701.493088                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl43.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000076                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl43.reqTo.avg_stall_time 10885.787651                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl43.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl43.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   494.742772                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl43.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000357                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl43.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2967.496914                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl43.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000112                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl43.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   494.591312                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl44.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000085                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl44.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2433.688726                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl44.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000071                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl44.reqTo.avg_stall_time 11778.601924                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl44.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl44.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   490.773665                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl44.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000340                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl44.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2943.682268                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl44.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000100                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl44.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   490.622204                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl45.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000119                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl45.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2428.830674                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl45.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000082                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl45.reqTo.avg_stall_time 12841.382904                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl45.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000065                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl45.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   493.832595                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl45.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000374                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl45.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2962.035852                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl45.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000116                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl45.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   493.681135                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl46.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000119                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl46.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2425.161655                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl46.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000079                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl46.reqTo.avg_stall_time 13818.751629                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl46.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl46.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   493.454653                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl46.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000357                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl46.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2959.768195                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl46.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000116                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl46.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   493.303192                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl47.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000051                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl47.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  1057.687963                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl47.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl47.reqTo.avg_stall_time 14546.426107                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl47.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000051                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl47.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   484.879455                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl47.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000306                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl47.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2908.317008                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl47.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl47.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   484.727994                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl48.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl48.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  1621.408843                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl48.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000065                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl48.reqTo.avg_stall_time  8716.950526                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl48.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000054                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl48.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   484.273614                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl48.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000323                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl48.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2904.681962                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl48.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl48.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   484.122153                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl49.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000136                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl49.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2402.119881                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl49.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000091                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl49.reqTo.avg_stall_time  9671.770077                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl49.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000074                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl49.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   483.445537                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl49.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000408                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl49.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2899.713500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl49.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000133                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl49.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   483.294076                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time   975.415324                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.reqTo.avg_stall_time  7846.150363                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000054                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   490.312206                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000306                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2940.913518                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000099                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   490.160746                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl50.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000153                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl50.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2767.654321                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl50.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl50.reqTo.avg_stall_time 10904.376211                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl50.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000076                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl50.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   495.459024                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl50.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000408                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl50.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2971.794422                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl50.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000140                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl50.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   495.307563                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl51.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000187                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl51.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2764.358999                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl51.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000110                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl51.reqTo.avg_stall_time 11577.825090                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl51.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000088                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl51.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   482.195636                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl51.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000476                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl51.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2892.214095                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl51.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000158                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl51.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   482.044176                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl52.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000136                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl52.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2167.022438                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl52.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000088                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl52.reqTo.avg_stall_time 12522.922874                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl52.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl52.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   481.584133                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl52.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000391                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl52.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2888.545076                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl52.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000122                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl52.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   481.432672                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl53.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000170                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl53.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2181.723990                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl53.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000099                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl53.reqTo.avg_stall_time 13982.045591                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl53.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000079                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl53.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.145028                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl53.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000425                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl53.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2993.910449                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl53.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000144                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl53.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   498.993568                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl54.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000136                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl54.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  1381.818551                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl54.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000088                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl54.reqTo.avg_stall_time 14995.342951                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl54.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000071                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl54.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.711235                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl54.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000391                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl54.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2997.307688                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl54.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000129                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl54.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.559774                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl55.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000204                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl55.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2396.336081                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl55.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000108                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl55.reqTo.avg_stall_time 15366.199739                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl55.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000076                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl55.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   480.130397                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl55.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000442                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl55.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2879.822665                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl55.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000137                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl55.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   479.978937                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl56.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000153                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl56.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2393.592810                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl56.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000099                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl56.reqTo.avg_stall_time  9591.821715                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl56.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000074                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl56.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   479.589670                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl56.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000442                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl56.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2876.578301                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl56.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000131                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl56.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   479.438210                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl57.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000272                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl57.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2378.577013                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl57.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000147                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl57.reqTo.avg_stall_time 10973.447745                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl57.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000110                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl57.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   498.598639                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl57.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000612                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl57.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2990.632113                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl57.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000202                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl57.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   498.447179                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl58.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000238                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl58.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2064.289926                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl58.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000133                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl58.reqTo.avg_stall_time 11988.381442                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl58.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl58.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.443702                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl58.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000561                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl58.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2995.702492                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl58.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000174                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl58.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.292242                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl59.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000136                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl59.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  1599.437199                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl59.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl59.reqTo.avg_stall_time 12975.432299                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl59.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000082                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl59.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   498.857678                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl59.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000442                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl59.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2992.186350                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl59.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000154                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl59.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   498.706218                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  2208.672590                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.reqTo.avg_stall_time  8820.676731                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000051                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   490.036181                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000306                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2939.257364                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   489.884720                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl60.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000153                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl60.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  1564.938235                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl60.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000102                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl60.reqTo.avg_stall_time 13929.212860                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl60.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000082                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl60.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   497.328921                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl60.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000459                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl60.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2983.013804                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl60.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000150                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl60.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   497.177460                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl61.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000119                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl61.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  1560.368948                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl61.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000091                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl61.reqTo.avg_stall_time 14914.488659                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl61.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000076                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl61.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   497.016092                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl61.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000425                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl61.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2981.136830                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl61.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000134                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl61.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   496.864631                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl62.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000102                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl62.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  1593.194772                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl62.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000079                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl62.reqTo.avg_stall_time 15781.659439                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl62.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000065                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl62.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   493.113513                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl62.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000374                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl62.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2957.721359                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl62.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000119                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl62.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   492.962053                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl63.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000085                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl63.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  1368.424936                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl63.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl63.reqTo.avg_stall_time 16735.400366                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl63.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl63.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   492.083017                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl63.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000323                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl63.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2951.538383                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl63.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000112                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl63.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   491.931557                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000034                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time   720.163760                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.reqTo.avg_stall_time  9794.325479                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000040                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   489.714858                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000238                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2937.329431                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000074                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   489.563398                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000085                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  1897.689317                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.reqTo.avg_stall_time  3913.744098                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   489.216597                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000272                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2934.339860                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000083                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   489.065136                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time  1450.154017                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.000054                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.reqTo.avg_stall_time  4791.296274                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   479.043281                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.000255                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.respFrom.avg_stall_time  2873.299966                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000086                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   478.891821                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        56513                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |       56513    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        56513                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits             0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fwdFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.001008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fwdFrom.avg_stall_time 11982.566504                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.219309                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time  5322.506965                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.reqTo.avg_buf_msgs     0.004640                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.reqTo.avg_stall_time   499.997169                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.respFrom.avg_buf_msgs     0.003632                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.respFrom.avg_stall_time 22707.465149                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits             0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits             0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits             0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl32.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl32.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl32.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl33.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl33.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl33.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl34.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl34.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl34.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl35.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl35.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl35.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl36.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl36.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl36.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl37.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl37.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl37.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl38.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl38.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl38.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl39.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl39.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl39.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_hits             0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl40.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl40.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl40.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl41.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl41.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl41.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl42.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl42.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl42.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl43.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl43.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl43.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl44.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl44.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl44.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl45.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl45.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl45.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl46.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl46.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl46.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl47.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl47.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl47.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl48.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl48.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl48.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl49.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl49.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl49.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cache.demand_hits             0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl50.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl50.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl50.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl51.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl51.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl51.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl52.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl52.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl52.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl53.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl53.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl53.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl54.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl54.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl54.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl55.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl55.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl55.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl56.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl56.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl56.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl57.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl57.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl57.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl58.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl58.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl58.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl59.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl59.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl59.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cache.demand_hits             0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl60.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl60.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl60.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl61.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl61.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl61.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl62.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl62.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl62.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl63.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl63.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl63.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cache.demand_hits             0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cache.demand_hits             0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.cache.demand_hits             0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples          57796                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          0.002924                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         0.702972                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |       57795    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total            57796                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1283                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     0.131723                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     4.718168                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |        1282     99.92%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           1      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         1283                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_latency    30.224971                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_network_latency    25.292915                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_queueing_latency     4.932056                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_vnet_latency |   27.445830                       |   18.224719                       |   19.151169                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_vqueue_latency |           6                       |           6                       |           1                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_hops             7.275958                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_latency    29.248017                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_network_latency    25.748017                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_queueing_latency     3.500000                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_vnet_latency |   37.445830                       |   18.224719                       |   18.225137                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_vqueue_latency |           6                       |           6                       |           1                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.226103                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.154263     68.23%     68.23% |    0.004671      2.07%     70.29% |    0.004388      1.94%     72.23% |    0.004176      1.85%     74.08% |    0.008994      3.98%     78.06% |    0.000277      0.12%     78.18% |    0.000235      0.10%     78.28% |    0.000181      0.08%     78.37% |    0.044951     19.88%     98.25% |    0.001353      0.60%     98.84% |    0.001319      0.58%     99.43% |    0.001294      0.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.226103                      
system.ruby.network.ext_in_link_utilization         8610                      
system.ruby.network.ext_out_link_utilization         8610                      
system.ruby.network.flit_network_latency |      176065                       |        6488                       |       35219                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.flit_queueing_latency |       38490                       |        2136                       |        1839                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |        6415     74.51%     74.51% |         356      4.13%     78.64% |        1839     21.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total         8610                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |        6415     74.51%     74.51% |         356      4.13%     78.64% |        1839     21.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total         8610                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_utilization        62646                      
system.ruby.network.packet_network_latency |       48043                       |        6488                       |       29871                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.packet_queueing_latency |        7698                       |        2136                       |        1639                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.packets_injected     |        1283     39.14%     39.14% |         356     10.86%     50.00% |        1639     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.packets_injected::total         3278                      
system.ruby.network.packets_received     |        1283     39.14%     39.14% |         356     10.86%     50.00% |        1639     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.packets_received::total         3278                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads         8610                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes         8610                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity         8610                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_input_arbiter_activity         8610                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_output_arbiter_activity         8610                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads         2333                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes         2333                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity         2333                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_input_arbiter_activity         2333                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_output_arbiter_activity         2333                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads         1906                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes         1906                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity         1906                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_input_arbiter_activity         1906                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_output_arbiter_activity         1906                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads         1581                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes         1581                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity         1581                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_input_arbiter_activity         1581                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_output_arbiter_activity         1581                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads         1247                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes         1247                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity         1247                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_input_arbiter_activity         1247                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_output_arbiter_activity         1247                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads          923                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes          923                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity          923                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_input_arbiter_activity          923                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_output_arbiter_activity          923                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads          567                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes          567                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity          567                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_input_arbiter_activity          567                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_output_arbiter_activity          567                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads          260                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes          260                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity          260                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_input_arbiter_activity          260                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_output_arbiter_activity          260                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads         6123                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes         6123                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity         6123                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_input_arbiter_activity         6123                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_output_arbiter_activity         6123                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads          889                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes          889                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity          889                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_input_arbiter_activity          889                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_output_arbiter_activity          889                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads          808                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes          808                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity          808                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_input_arbiter_activity          808                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_output_arbiter_activity          808                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads          717                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes          717                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity          717                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_input_arbiter_activity          717                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_output_arbiter_activity          717                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads          597                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes          597                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity          597                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_input_arbiter_activity          597                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_output_arbiter_activity          597                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads          501                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes          501                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity          501                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_input_arbiter_activity          501                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_output_arbiter_activity          501                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads          366                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes          366                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity          366                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_input_arbiter_activity          366                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_output_arbiter_activity          366                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads          260                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes          260                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity          260                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_input_arbiter_activity          260                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_output_arbiter_activity          260                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads         5347                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes         5347                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity         5347                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_input_arbiter_activity         5347                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_output_arbiter_activity         5347                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads          759                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes          759                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity          759                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_input_arbiter_activity          759                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_output_arbiter_activity          759                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads          666                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes          666                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity          666                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_input_arbiter_activity          666                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_output_arbiter_activity          666                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads          612                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes          612                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity          612                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_input_arbiter_activity          612                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_output_arbiter_activity          612                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_input_arbiter_activity          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_output_arbiter_activity          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads          446                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes          446                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity          446                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_input_arbiter_activity          446                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_output_arbiter_activity          446                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads          312                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes          312                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity          312                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_input_arbiter_activity          312                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_output_arbiter_activity          312                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads          219                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes          219                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity          219                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_input_arbiter_activity          219                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_output_arbiter_activity          219                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads         4676                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes         4676                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity         4676                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_input_arbiter_activity         4676                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_output_arbiter_activity         4676                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads          891                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes          891                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity          891                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_input_arbiter_activity          891                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_output_arbiter_activity          891                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads          785                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes          785                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity          785                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_input_arbiter_activity          785                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_output_arbiter_activity          785                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads          684                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes          684                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity          684                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_input_arbiter_activity          684                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_output_arbiter_activity          684                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads          548                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes          548                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity          548                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_input_arbiter_activity          548                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_output_arbiter_activity          548                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads          462                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes          462                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity          462                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_input_arbiter_activity          462                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_output_arbiter_activity          462                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads          315                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes          315                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity          315                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_input_arbiter_activity          315                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_output_arbiter_activity          315                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads          194                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes          194                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity          194                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_input_arbiter_activity          194                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_output_arbiter_activity          194                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.buffer_reads         3883                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.buffer_writes         3883                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.crossbar_activity         3883                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.sw_input_arbiter_activity         3883                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.sw_output_arbiter_activity         3883                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.buffer_reads          839                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.buffer_writes          839                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.crossbar_activity          839                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.sw_input_arbiter_activity          839                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.sw_output_arbiter_activity          839                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.buffer_reads          732                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.buffer_writes          732                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.crossbar_activity          732                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.sw_input_arbiter_activity          732                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.sw_output_arbiter_activity          732                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.buffer_reads          648                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.buffer_writes          648                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.crossbar_activity          648                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.sw_input_arbiter_activity          648                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.sw_output_arbiter_activity          648                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.buffer_reads          540                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.buffer_writes          540                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.crossbar_activity          540                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.sw_input_arbiter_activity          540                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.sw_output_arbiter_activity          540                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.buffer_reads          458                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.buffer_writes          458                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.crossbar_activity          458                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.sw_input_arbiter_activity          458                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.sw_output_arbiter_activity          458                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.buffer_reads          338                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.buffer_writes          338                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.crossbar_activity          338                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.sw_input_arbiter_activity          338                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.sw_output_arbiter_activity          338                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.buffer_reads          221                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.buffer_writes          221                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.crossbar_activity          221                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.sw_input_arbiter_activity          221                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.sw_output_arbiter_activity          221                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.buffer_reads         3074                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.buffer_writes         3074                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.crossbar_activity         3074                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.sw_input_arbiter_activity         3074                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.sw_output_arbiter_activity         3074                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.buffer_reads          856                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.buffer_writes          856                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.crossbar_activity          856                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.sw_input_arbiter_activity          856                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.sw_output_arbiter_activity          856                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.buffer_reads          750                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.buffer_writes          750                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.crossbar_activity          750                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.sw_input_arbiter_activity          750                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.sw_output_arbiter_activity          750                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.buffer_reads          666                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.buffer_writes          666                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.crossbar_activity          666                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.sw_input_arbiter_activity          666                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.sw_output_arbiter_activity          666                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.buffer_reads          531                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.buffer_writes          531                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.crossbar_activity          531                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.sw_input_arbiter_activity          531                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.sw_output_arbiter_activity          531                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.buffer_reads          442                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.buffer_writes          442                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.crossbar_activity          442                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.sw_input_arbiter_activity          442                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.sw_output_arbiter_activity          442                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.buffer_reads          308                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.buffer_writes          308                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.crossbar_activity          308                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.sw_input_arbiter_activity          308                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.sw_output_arbiter_activity          308                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.buffer_reads          188                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.buffer_writes          188                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.crossbar_activity          188                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.sw_input_arbiter_activity          188                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.sw_output_arbiter_activity          188                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.buffer_reads         2232                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.buffer_writes         2232                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.crossbar_activity         2232                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.sw_input_arbiter_activity         2232                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.sw_output_arbiter_activity         2232                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.buffer_reads         1035                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.buffer_writes         1035                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.crossbar_activity         1035                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.sw_input_arbiter_activity         1035                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.sw_output_arbiter_activity         1035                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.buffer_reads          899                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.buffer_writes          899                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.crossbar_activity          899                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.sw_input_arbiter_activity          899                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.sw_output_arbiter_activity          899                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.buffer_reads          771                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.buffer_writes          771                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.crossbar_activity          771                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.sw_input_arbiter_activity          771                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.sw_output_arbiter_activity          771                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.buffer_reads          602                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.buffer_writes          602                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.crossbar_activity          602                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.sw_input_arbiter_activity          602                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.sw_output_arbiter_activity          602                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.buffer_reads          487                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.buffer_writes          487                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.crossbar_activity          487                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.sw_input_arbiter_activity          487                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.sw_output_arbiter_activity          487                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.buffer_reads          336                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.buffer_writes          336                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.crossbar_activity          336                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.sw_input_arbiter_activity          336                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.sw_output_arbiter_activity          336                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.buffer_reads          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.buffer_writes          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.crossbar_activity          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.sw_input_arbiter_activity          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.sw_output_arbiter_activity          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers56.buffer_reads         1179                      
system.ruby.network.routers56.buffer_writes         1179                      
system.ruby.network.routers56.crossbar_activity         1179                      
system.ruby.network.routers56.sw_input_arbiter_activity         1179                      
system.ruby.network.routers56.sw_output_arbiter_activity         1179                      
system.ruby.network.routers57.buffer_reads         1069                      
system.ruby.network.routers57.buffer_writes         1069                      
system.ruby.network.routers57.crossbar_activity         1069                      
system.ruby.network.routers57.sw_input_arbiter_activity         1069                      
system.ruby.network.routers57.sw_output_arbiter_activity         1069                      
system.ruby.network.routers58.buffer_reads          860                      
system.ruby.network.routers58.buffer_writes          860                      
system.ruby.network.routers58.crossbar_activity          860                      
system.ruby.network.routers58.sw_input_arbiter_activity          860                      
system.ruby.network.routers58.sw_output_arbiter_activity          860                      
system.ruby.network.routers59.buffer_reads          676                      
system.ruby.network.routers59.buffer_writes          676                      
system.ruby.network.routers59.crossbar_activity          676                      
system.ruby.network.routers59.sw_input_arbiter_activity          676                      
system.ruby.network.routers59.sw_output_arbiter_activity          676                      
system.ruby.network.routers60.buffer_reads          536                      
system.ruby.network.routers60.buffer_writes          536                      
system.ruby.network.routers60.crossbar_activity          536                      
system.ruby.network.routers60.sw_input_arbiter_activity          536                      
system.ruby.network.routers60.sw_output_arbiter_activity          536                      
system.ruby.network.routers61.buffer_reads          388                      
system.ruby.network.routers61.buffer_writes          388                      
system.ruby.network.routers61.crossbar_activity          388                      
system.ruby.network.routers61.sw_input_arbiter_activity          388                      
system.ruby.network.routers61.sw_output_arbiter_activity          388                      
system.ruby.network.routers62.buffer_reads          248                      
system.ruby.network.routers62.buffer_writes          248                      
system.ruby.network.routers62.crossbar_activity          248                      
system.ruby.network.routers62.sw_input_arbiter_activity          248                      
system.ruby.network.routers62.sw_output_arbiter_activity          248                      
system.ruby.network.routers63.buffer_reads          132                      
system.ruby.network.routers63.buffer_writes          132                      
system.ruby.network.routers63.crossbar_activity          132                      
system.ruby.network.routers63.sw_input_arbiter_activity          132                      
system.ruby.network.routers63.sw_output_arbiter_activity          132                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples        57797                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000156                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000108                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.012478                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       57788     99.98%     99.98% |           9      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total        57797                      
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus00.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus00.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus00.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus00.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus00.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus00.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus00.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus00.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus00.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus00.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus00.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus01.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus01.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus01.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus01.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus01.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus01.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus01.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus01.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus01.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus01.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus01.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus02.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus02.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus02.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus02.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus02.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus02.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus02.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus02.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus02.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus02.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus02.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus03.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus03.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus03.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus03.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus03.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus03.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus03.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus03.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus03.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus03.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus03.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus04.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus04.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus04.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus04.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus04.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus04.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus04.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus04.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus04.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus04.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus04.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus05.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus05.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus05.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus05.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus05.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus05.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus05.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus05.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus05.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus05.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus05.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus06.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus06.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus06.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus06.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus06.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus06.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus06.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus06.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus06.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus06.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus06.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus07.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus07.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus07.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus07.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus07.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus07.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus07.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus07.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus07.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus07.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus07.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus08.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus08.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus08.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus08.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus08.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus08.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus08.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus08.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus08.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus08.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus08.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus09.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus09.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus09.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus09.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus09.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus09.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus09.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus09.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus09.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus09.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus09.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus10.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus10.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus10.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus10.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus10.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus10.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus10.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus10.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus10.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus10.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus10.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus11.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus11.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus11.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus11.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus11.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus11.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus11.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus11.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus11.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus11.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus11.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus12.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus12.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus12.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus12.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus12.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus12.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus12.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus12.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus12.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus12.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus12.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus13.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus13.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus13.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus13.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus13.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus13.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus13.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus13.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus13.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus13.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus13.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus14.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus14.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus14.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus14.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus14.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus14.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus14.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus14.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus14.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus14.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus14.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus15.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus15.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus15.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus15.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus15.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus15.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus15.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus15.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus15.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus15.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus15.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus16.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus16.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus16.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus16.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus16.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus16.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus16.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus16.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus16.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus16.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus16.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus16.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus16.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus16.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus16.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus16.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus16.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus16.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus16.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus16.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus16.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus16.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus16.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus16.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus16.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus16.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus16.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus16.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus16.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus16.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus16.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus16.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus16.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus16.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus17.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus17.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus17.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus17.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus17.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus17.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus17.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus17.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus17.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus17.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus17.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus17.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus17.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus17.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus17.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus17.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus17.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus17.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus17.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus17.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus17.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus17.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus17.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus17.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus17.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus17.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus17.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus17.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus17.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus17.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus17.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus17.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus17.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus17.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus18.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus18.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus18.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus18.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus18.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus18.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus18.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus18.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus18.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus18.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus18.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus18.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus18.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus18.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus18.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus18.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus18.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus18.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus18.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus18.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus18.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus18.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus18.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus18.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus18.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus18.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus18.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus18.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus18.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus18.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus18.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus18.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus18.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus18.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus19.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus19.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus19.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus19.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus19.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus19.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus19.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus19.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus19.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus19.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus19.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus19.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus19.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus19.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus19.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus19.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus19.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus19.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus19.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus19.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus19.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus19.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus19.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus19.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus19.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus19.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus19.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus19.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus19.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus19.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus19.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus19.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus19.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus19.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus20.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus20.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus20.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus20.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus20.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus20.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus20.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus20.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus20.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus20.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus20.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus20.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus20.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus20.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus20.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus20.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus20.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus20.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus20.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus20.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus20.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus20.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus20.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus20.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus20.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus20.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus20.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus20.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus20.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus20.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus20.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus20.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus20.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus20.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus21.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus21.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus21.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus21.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus21.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus21.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus21.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus21.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus21.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus21.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus21.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus21.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus21.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus21.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus21.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus21.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus21.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus21.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus21.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus21.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus21.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus21.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus21.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus21.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus21.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus21.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus21.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus21.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus21.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus21.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus21.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus21.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus21.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus21.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus22.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus22.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus22.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus22.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus22.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus22.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus22.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus22.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus22.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus22.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus22.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus22.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus22.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus22.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus22.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus22.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus22.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus22.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus22.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus22.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus22.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus22.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus22.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus22.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus22.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus22.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus22.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus22.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus22.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus22.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus22.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus22.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus22.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus22.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus23.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus23.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus23.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus23.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus23.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus23.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus23.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus23.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus23.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus23.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus23.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus23.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus23.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus23.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus23.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus23.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus23.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus23.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus23.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus23.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus23.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus23.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus23.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus23.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus23.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus23.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus23.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus23.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus23.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus23.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus23.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus23.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus23.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus23.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus24.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus24.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus24.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus24.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus24.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus24.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus24.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus24.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus24.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus24.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus24.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus24.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus24.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus24.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus24.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus24.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus24.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus24.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus24.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus24.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus24.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus24.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus24.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus24.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus24.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus24.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus24.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus24.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus24.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus24.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus24.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus24.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus24.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus24.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus25.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus25.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus25.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus25.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus25.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus25.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus25.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus25.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus25.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus25.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus25.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus25.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus25.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus25.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus25.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus25.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus25.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus25.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus25.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus25.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus25.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus25.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus25.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus25.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus25.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus25.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus25.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus25.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus25.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus25.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus25.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus25.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus25.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus25.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus26.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus26.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus26.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus26.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus26.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus26.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus26.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus26.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus26.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus26.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus26.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus26.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus26.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus26.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus26.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus26.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus26.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus26.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus26.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus26.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus26.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus26.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus26.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus26.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus26.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus26.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus26.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus26.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus26.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus26.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus26.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus26.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus26.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus26.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus27.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus27.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus27.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus27.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus27.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus27.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus27.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus27.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus27.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus27.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus27.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus27.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus27.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus27.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus27.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus27.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus27.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus27.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus27.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus27.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus27.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus27.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus27.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus27.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus27.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus27.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus27.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus27.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus27.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus27.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus27.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus27.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus27.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus27.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus28.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus28.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus28.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus28.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus28.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus28.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus28.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus28.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus28.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus28.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus28.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus28.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus28.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus28.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus28.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus28.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus28.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus28.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus28.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus28.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus28.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus28.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus28.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus28.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus28.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus28.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus28.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus28.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus28.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus28.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus28.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus28.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus28.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus28.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus29.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus29.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus29.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus29.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus29.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus29.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus29.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus29.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus29.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus29.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus29.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus29.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus29.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus29.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus29.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus29.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus29.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus29.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus29.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus29.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus29.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus29.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus29.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus29.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus29.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus29.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus29.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus29.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus29.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus29.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus29.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus29.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus29.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus29.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus30.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus30.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus30.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus30.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus30.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus30.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus30.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus30.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus30.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus30.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus30.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus30.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus30.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus30.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus30.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus30.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus30.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus30.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus30.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus30.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus30.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus30.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus30.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus30.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus30.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus30.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus30.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus30.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus30.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus30.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus30.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus30.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus30.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus30.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus31.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus31.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus31.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus31.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus31.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus31.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus31.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus31.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus31.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus31.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus31.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus31.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus31.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus31.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus31.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus31.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus31.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus31.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus31.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus31.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus31.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus31.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus31.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus31.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus31.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus31.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus31.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus31.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus31.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus31.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus31.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus31.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus31.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus31.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus32.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus32.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus32.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus32.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus32.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus32.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus32.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus32.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus32.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus32.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus32.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus32.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus32.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus32.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus32.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus32.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus32.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus32.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus32.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus32.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus32.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus32.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus32.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus32.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus32.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus32.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus32.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus32.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus32.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus32.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus32.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus32.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus32.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus32.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus33.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus33.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus33.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus33.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus33.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus33.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus33.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus33.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus33.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus33.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus33.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus33.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus33.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus33.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus33.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus33.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus33.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus33.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus33.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus33.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus33.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus33.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus33.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus33.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus33.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus33.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus33.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus33.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus33.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus33.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus33.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus33.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus33.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus33.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus34.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus34.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus34.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus34.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus34.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus34.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus34.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus34.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus34.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus34.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus34.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus34.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus34.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus34.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus34.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus34.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus34.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus34.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus34.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus34.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus34.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus34.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus34.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus34.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus34.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus34.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus34.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus34.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus34.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus34.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus34.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus34.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus34.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus34.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus35.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus35.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus35.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus35.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus35.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus35.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus35.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus35.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus35.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus35.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus35.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus35.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus35.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus35.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus35.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus35.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus35.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus35.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus35.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus35.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus35.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus35.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus35.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus35.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus35.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus35.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus35.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus35.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus35.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus35.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus35.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus35.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus35.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus35.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus36.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus36.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus36.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus36.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus36.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus36.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus36.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus36.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus36.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus36.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus36.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus36.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus36.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus36.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus36.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus36.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus36.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus36.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus36.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus36.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus36.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus36.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus36.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus36.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus36.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus36.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus36.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus36.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus36.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus36.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus36.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus36.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus36.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus36.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus37.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus37.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus37.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus37.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus37.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus37.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus37.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus37.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus37.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus37.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus37.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus37.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus37.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus37.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus37.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus37.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus37.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus37.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus37.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus37.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus37.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus37.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus37.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus37.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus37.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus37.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus37.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus37.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus37.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus37.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus37.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus37.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus37.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus37.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus38.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus38.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus38.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus38.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus38.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus38.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus38.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus38.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus38.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus38.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus38.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus38.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus38.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus38.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus38.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus38.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus38.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus38.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus38.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus38.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus38.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus38.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus38.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus38.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus38.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus38.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus38.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus38.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus38.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus38.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus38.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus38.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus38.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus38.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus39.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus39.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus39.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus39.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus39.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus39.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus39.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus39.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus39.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus39.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus39.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus39.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus39.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus39.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus39.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus39.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus39.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus39.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus39.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus39.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus39.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus39.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus39.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus39.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus39.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus39.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus39.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus39.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus39.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus39.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus39.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus39.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus39.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus39.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus40.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus40.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus40.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus40.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus40.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus40.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus40.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus40.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus40.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus40.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus40.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus40.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus40.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus40.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus40.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus40.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus40.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus40.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus40.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus40.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus40.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus40.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus40.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus40.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus40.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus40.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus40.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus40.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus40.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus40.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus40.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus40.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus40.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus40.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus41.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus41.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus41.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus41.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus41.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus41.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus41.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus41.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus41.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus41.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus41.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus41.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus41.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus41.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus41.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus41.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus41.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus41.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus41.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus41.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus41.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus41.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus41.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus41.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus41.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus41.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus41.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus41.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus41.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus41.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus41.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus41.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus41.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus41.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus42.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus42.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus42.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus42.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus42.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus42.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus42.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus42.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus42.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus42.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus42.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus42.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus42.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus42.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus42.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus42.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus42.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus42.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus42.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus42.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus42.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus42.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus42.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus42.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus42.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus42.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus42.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus42.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus42.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus42.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus42.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus42.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus42.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus42.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus43.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus43.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus43.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus43.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus43.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus43.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus43.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus43.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus43.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus43.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus43.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus43.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus43.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus43.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus43.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus43.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus43.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus43.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus43.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus43.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus43.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus43.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus43.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus43.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus43.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus43.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus43.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus43.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus43.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus43.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus43.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus43.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus43.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus43.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus44.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus44.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus44.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus44.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus44.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus44.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus44.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus44.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus44.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus44.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus44.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus44.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus44.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus44.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus44.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus44.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus44.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus44.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus44.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus44.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus44.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus44.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus44.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus44.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus44.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus44.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus44.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus44.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus44.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus44.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus44.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus44.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus44.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus44.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus45.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus45.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus45.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus45.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus45.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus45.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus45.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus45.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus45.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus45.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus45.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus45.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus45.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus45.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus45.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus45.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus45.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus45.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus45.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus45.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus45.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus45.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus45.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus45.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus45.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus45.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus45.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus45.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus45.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus45.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus45.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus45.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus45.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus45.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus46.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus46.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus46.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus46.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus46.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus46.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus46.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus46.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus46.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus46.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus46.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus46.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus46.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus46.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus46.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus46.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus46.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus46.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus46.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus46.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus46.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus46.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus46.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus46.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus46.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus46.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus46.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus46.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus46.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus46.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus46.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus46.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus46.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus46.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus47.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus47.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus47.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus47.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus47.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus47.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus47.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus47.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus47.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus47.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus47.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus47.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus47.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus47.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus47.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus47.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus47.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus47.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus47.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus47.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus47.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus47.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus47.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus47.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus47.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus47.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus47.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus47.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus47.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus47.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus47.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus47.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus47.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus47.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus48.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus48.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus48.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus48.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus48.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus48.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus48.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus48.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus48.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus48.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus48.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus48.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus48.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus48.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus48.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus48.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus48.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus48.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus48.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus48.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus48.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus48.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus48.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus48.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus48.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus48.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus48.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus48.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus48.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus48.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus48.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus48.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus48.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus48.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus49.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus49.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus49.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus49.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus49.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus49.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus49.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus49.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus49.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus49.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus49.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus49.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus49.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus49.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus49.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus49.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus49.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus49.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus49.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus49.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus49.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus49.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus49.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus49.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus49.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus49.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus49.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus49.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus49.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus49.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus49.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus49.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus49.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus49.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus50.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus50.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus50.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus50.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus50.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus50.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus50.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus50.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus50.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus50.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus50.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus50.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus50.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus50.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus50.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus50.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus50.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus50.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus50.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus50.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus50.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus50.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus50.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus50.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus50.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus50.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus50.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus50.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus50.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus50.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus50.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus50.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus50.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus50.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus51.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus51.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus51.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus51.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus51.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus51.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus51.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus51.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus51.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus51.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus51.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus51.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus51.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus51.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus51.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus51.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus51.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus51.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus51.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus51.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus51.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus51.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus51.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus51.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus51.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus51.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus51.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus51.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus51.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus51.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus51.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus51.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus51.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus51.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus52.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus52.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus52.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus52.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus52.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus52.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus52.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus52.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus52.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus52.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus52.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus52.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus52.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus52.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus52.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus52.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus52.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus52.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus52.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus52.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus52.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus52.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus52.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus52.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus52.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus52.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus52.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus52.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus52.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus52.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus52.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus52.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus52.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus52.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus53.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus53.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus53.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus53.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus53.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus53.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus53.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus53.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus53.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus53.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus53.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus53.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus53.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus53.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus53.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus53.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus53.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus53.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus53.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus53.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus53.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus53.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus53.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus53.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus53.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus53.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus53.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus53.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus53.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus53.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus53.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus53.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus53.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus53.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus54.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus54.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus54.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus54.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus54.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus54.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus54.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus54.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus54.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus54.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus54.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus54.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus54.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus54.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus54.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus54.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus54.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus54.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus54.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus54.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus54.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus54.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus54.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus54.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus54.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus54.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus54.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus54.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus54.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus54.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus54.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus54.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus54.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus54.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus55.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus55.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus55.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus55.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus55.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus55.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus55.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus55.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus55.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus55.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus55.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus55.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus55.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus55.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus55.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus55.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus55.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus55.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus55.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus55.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus55.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus55.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus55.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus55.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus55.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus55.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus55.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus55.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus55.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus55.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus55.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus55.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus55.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus55.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus56.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus56.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus56.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus56.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus56.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus56.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus56.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus56.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus56.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus56.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus56.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus56.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus56.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus56.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus56.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus56.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus56.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus56.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus56.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus56.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus56.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus56.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus56.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus56.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus56.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus56.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus56.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus56.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus56.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus56.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus56.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus56.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus56.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus56.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus57.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus57.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus57.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus57.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus57.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus57.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus57.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus57.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus57.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus57.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus57.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus57.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus57.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus57.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus57.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus57.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus57.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus57.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus57.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus57.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus57.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus57.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus57.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus57.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus57.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus57.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus57.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus57.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus57.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus57.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus57.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus57.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus57.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus57.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus58.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus58.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus58.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus58.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus58.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus58.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus58.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus58.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus58.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus58.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus58.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus58.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus58.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus58.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus58.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus58.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus58.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus58.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus58.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus58.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus58.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus58.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus58.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus58.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus58.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus58.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus58.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus58.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus58.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus58.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus58.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus58.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus58.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus58.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus59.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus59.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus59.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus59.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus59.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus59.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus59.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus59.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus59.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus59.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus59.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus59.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus59.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus59.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus59.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus59.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus59.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus59.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus59.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus59.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus59.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus59.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus59.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus59.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus59.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus59.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus59.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus59.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus59.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus59.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus59.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus59.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus59.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus59.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus60.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus60.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus60.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus60.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus60.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus60.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus60.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus60.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus60.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus60.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus60.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus60.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus60.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus60.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus60.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus60.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus60.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus60.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus60.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus60.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus60.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus60.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus60.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus60.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus60.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus60.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus60.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus60.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus60.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus60.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus60.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus60.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus60.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus60.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus61.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus61.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus61.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus61.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus61.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus61.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus61.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus61.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus61.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus61.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus61.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus61.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus61.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus61.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus61.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus61.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus61.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus61.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus61.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus61.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus61.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus61.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus61.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus61.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus61.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus61.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus61.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus61.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus61.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus61.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus61.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus61.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus61.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus61.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus62.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus62.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus62.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus62.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus62.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus62.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus62.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus62.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus62.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus62.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus62.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus62.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus62.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus62.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus62.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus62.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus62.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus62.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus62.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus62.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus62.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus62.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus62.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus62.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus62.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus62.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus62.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus62.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus62.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus62.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus62.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus62.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus62.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus62.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.committedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus63.committedOps                   0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus63.dtb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus63.dtb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus63.dtb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus63.dtb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus63.idle_fraction                  1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus63.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus63.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus63.itb.wrAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus63.itb.wrMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus63.not_idle_fraction              0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus63.numCycles                      0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus63.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus63.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus63.num_busy_cycles                0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus63.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus63.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus63.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus63.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus63.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus63.num_func_calls                 0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus63.num_idle_cycles                0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus63.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus63.num_int_insts                  0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus63.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus63.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus63.num_load_insts                 0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus63.num_mem_refs                   0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus63.num_store_insts                0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus63.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus63.num_vec_insts                  0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus63.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus63.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::IntAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::IntMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::IntDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdAes              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::MemRead              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::MemWrite             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus63.op_class::total                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.mem_ctrls34.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl34         1152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls34.bytes_read::total             1152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls34.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl34           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls34.num_reads::total                18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls34.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl34      6522699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls34.bw_read::total             6522699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls34.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl34      6522699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls34.bw_total::total            6522699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls34.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl34::samples        18.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls34.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls34.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls34.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls34.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls34.numStayReadState                80                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls34.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls34.readReqs                        18                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls34.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls34.readBursts                      18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls34.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls34.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls34.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls34.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::0              18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.avgRdQLen                     0.94                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls34.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls34.totQLat                     192500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls34.totBusLat                    90000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls34.totMemAccLat                530000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls34.avgQLat                   10694.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls34.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls34.avgMemAccLat              29444.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls34.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls34.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls34.readRowHits                      4                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls34.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls34.readRowHitRate               22.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls34.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls34.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.readPktSize::6                  18                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::0                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.bytesPerActivate::samples           14                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls34.bytesPerActivate::mean    82.285714                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls34.bytesPerActivate::gmean    78.016874                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls34.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.003663                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls34.bytesPerActivate::64-79           10     71.43%     71.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls34.bytesPerActivate::128-143            4     28.57%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls34.bytesPerActivate::total           14                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls34.bytesReadDRAM                 1152                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls34.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls34.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls34.bytesReadSys                  1152                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls34.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls34.avgRdBW                       6.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls34.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls34.avgRdBWSys                    6.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls34.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls34.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls34.busUtil                       0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls34.busUtilRead                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls34.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls34.totGap                   153792000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls34.avgGap                  8544000.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls34.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl34         1152                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls34.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl34 6522699.219767402858                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls34.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl34           18                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls34.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl34       530000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls34.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl34     29444.44                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls34.pageHitRate                  22.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls34.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls34.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34.rank0.actEnergy              99960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank0.preEnergy              53130                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank0.readEnergy            128520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank0.actBackEnergy       32888430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank0.preBackEnergy       40124640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank0.totalEnergy         86816760                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank0.averagePower      491.562164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls34.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls34.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    103985264                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     66908736                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls61.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl61         1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls61.bytes_read::total             1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls61.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl61          128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls61.bytes_written::total           128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls61.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl61           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls61.num_reads::total                25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls61.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl61            2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls61.num_writes::total                2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls61.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl61      9059304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls61.bw_read::total             9059304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls61.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl61       724744                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls61.bw_write::total             724744                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls61.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl61      9784049                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls61.bw_total::total            9784049                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls61.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl61::samples        27.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls61.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls61.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000514498                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls61.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls61.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls61.numStayReadState                96                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls61.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls61.readReqs                        25                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls61.writeReqs                        2                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls61.readBursts                      25                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls61.writeBursts                      2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls61.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls61.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls61.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::0              25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.avgRdQLen                     0.99                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls61.avgWrQLen                     0.49                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls61.totQLat                     634498                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls61.totBusLat                   125000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls61.totMemAccLat               1103248                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls61.avgQLat                   25379.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls61.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls61.avgMemAccLat              44129.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls61.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls61.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls61.readRowHits                      9                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls61.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls61.readRowHitRate               36.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls61.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls61.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.readPktSize::6                  25                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.writePktSize::6                  2                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::0                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.bytesPerActivate::samples           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls61.bytesPerActivate::mean   102.400000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls61.bytesPerActivate::gmean    91.582021                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls61.bytesPerActivate::stdev    52.997035                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls61.bytesPerActivate::64-79            9     60.00%     60.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls61.bytesPerActivate::128-143            3     20.00%     80.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls61.bytesPerActivate::192-207            3     20.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls61.bytesPerActivate::total           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls61.bytesReadDRAM                 1600                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls61.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls61.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls61.bytesReadSys                  1600                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls61.bytesWrittenSys                128                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls61.avgRdBW                       9.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls61.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls61.avgRdBWSys                    9.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls61.avgWrBWSys                    0.72                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls61.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls61.busUtil                       0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls61.busUtilRead                   0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls61.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls61.totGap                   174204000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls61.avgGap                  6452000.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls61.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl61         1600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls61.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl61 9059304.471899170429                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls61.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl61           25                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls61.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl61            2                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls61.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl61      1103248                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls61.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl61     44129.92                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls61.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl61         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls61.pageHitRate                  33.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls61.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls61.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61.rank0.actEnergy             114240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank0.preEnergy              56925                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank0.readEnergy            178500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank0.actBackEnergy       36257700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank0.preBackEnergy       37287360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank0.totalEnergy         87416805                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank0.averagePower      494.959658                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls61.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls61.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     96581264                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     74312736                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls60.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl60         1728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls60.bytes_read::total             1728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls60.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl60          128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls60.bytes_written::total           128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls60.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl60           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls60.num_reads::total                27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls60.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl60            2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls60.num_writes::total                2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls60.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl60      9784049                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls60.bw_read::total             9784049                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls60.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl60       724744                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls60.bw_write::total             724744                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls60.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl60     10508793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls60.bw_total::total           10508793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls60.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl60::samples        29.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls60.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls60.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls60.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls60.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls60.numStayReadState               100                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls60.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls60.readReqs                        27                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls60.writeReqs                        2                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls60.readBursts                      27                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls60.writeBursts                      2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls60.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls60.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls60.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::0              27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.avgRdQLen                     0.99                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls60.avgWrQLen                     0.34                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls60.totQLat                     233750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls60.totBusLat                   135000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls60.totMemAccLat                740000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls60.avgQLat                    8657.41                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls60.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls60.avgMemAccLat              27407.41                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls60.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls60.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls60.readRowHits                     10                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls60.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls60.readRowHitRate               37.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls60.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls60.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.readPktSize::6                  27                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.writePktSize::6                  2                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::0                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.bytesPerActivate::samples           16                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls60.bytesPerActivate::mean          104                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls60.bytesPerActivate::gmean    93.518538                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls60.bytesPerActivate::stdev    51.598450                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls60.bytesPerActivate::64-79            9     56.25%     56.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls60.bytesPerActivate::128-143            4     25.00%     81.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls60.bytesPerActivate::192-207            3     18.75%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls60.bytesPerActivate::total           16                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls60.bytesReadDRAM                 1728                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls60.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls60.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls60.bytesReadSys                  1728                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls60.bytesWrittenSys                128                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls60.avgRdBW                       9.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls60.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls60.avgRdBWSys                    9.78                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls60.avgWrBWSys                    0.72                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls60.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls60.busUtil                       0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls60.busUtilRead                   0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls60.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls60.totGap                   173770500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls60.avgGap                  5992086.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls60.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl60         1728                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls60.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl60 9784048.829651104286                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls60.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl60           27                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls60.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl60            2                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls60.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl60       740000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls60.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl60     27407.41                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls60.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl60         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls60.pageHitRate                  34.48                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls60.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls60.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60.rank0.actEnergy             121380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank0.preEnergy              60720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank0.readEnergy            192780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank0.actBackEnergy       31690290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank0.preBackEnergy       41133600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank0.totalEnergy         86720850                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank0.averagePower      491.019115                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls60.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls60.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    106587266                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     64306734                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls63.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl63         1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls63.bytes_read::total             1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls63.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl63          128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls63.bytes_written::total           128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls63.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl63           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls63.num_reads::total                19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls63.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl63            2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls63.num_writes::total                2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls63.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl63      6885071                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls63.bw_read::total             6885071                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls63.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl63       724744                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls63.bw_write::total             724744                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls63.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl63      7609816                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls63.bw_total::total            7609816                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls63.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl63::samples        21.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls63.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls63.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls63.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls63.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls63.numStayReadState                84                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls63.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls63.readReqs                        19                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls63.writeReqs                        2                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls63.readBursts                      19                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls63.writeBursts                      2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls63.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls63.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls63.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::0              19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.avgRdQLen                     0.98                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls63.avgWrQLen                     0.79                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls63.totQLat                     192500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls63.totBusLat                    95000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls63.totMemAccLat                548750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls63.avgQLat                   10131.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls63.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls63.avgMemAccLat              28881.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls63.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls63.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls63.readRowHits                      5                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls63.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls63.readRowHitRate               26.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls63.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls63.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.readPktSize::6                  19                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.writePktSize::6                  2                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::0                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.bytesPerActivate::samples           13                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls63.bytesPerActivate::mean    88.615385                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls63.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.724086                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls63.bytesPerActivate::stdev    41.628393                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls63.bytesPerActivate::64-79            9     69.23%     69.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls63.bytesPerActivate::128-143            3     23.08%     92.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls63.bytesPerActivate::192-207            1      7.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls63.bytesPerActivate::total           13                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls63.bytesReadDRAM                 1216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls63.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls63.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls63.bytesReadSys                  1216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls63.bytesWrittenSys                128                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls63.avgRdBW                       6.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls63.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls63.avgRdBWSys                    6.89                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls63.avgWrBWSys                    0.72                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls63.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls63.busUtil                       0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls63.busUtilRead                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls63.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls63.totGap                   173276500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls63.avgGap                  8251261.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls63.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl63         1216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls63.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl63 6885071.398643369786                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls63.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl63           19                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls63.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl63            2                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls63.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl63       548750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls63.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl63     28881.58                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls63.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl63         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls63.pageHitRate                  23.81                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls63.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls63.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63.rank0.actEnergy              99960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank0.preEnergy              49335                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank0.readEnergy            135660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank0.actBackEnergy       30577650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank0.preBackEnergy       42070560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank0.totalEnergy         86455245                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank0.averagePower      489.515242                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls63.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls63.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    109067264                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     61826736                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls35.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl35         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls35.bytes_read::total             1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls35.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl35           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls35.num_reads::total                17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls35.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl35      6160327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls35.bw_read::total             6160327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls35.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl35      6160327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls35.bw_total::total            6160327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls35.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl35::samples        17.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls35.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls35.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls35.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls35.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls35.numStayReadState                78                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls35.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls35.readReqs                        17                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls35.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls35.readBursts                      17                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls35.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls35.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls35.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls35.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::0              17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.avgRdQLen                     0.98                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls35.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls35.totQLat                     178750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls35.totBusLat                    85000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls35.totMemAccLat                497500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls35.avgQLat                   10514.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls35.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls35.avgMemAccLat              29264.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls35.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls35.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls35.readRowHits                      4                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls35.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls35.readRowHitRate               23.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls35.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls35.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.readPktSize::6                  17                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::0                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.bytesPerActivate::samples           13                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls35.bytesPerActivate::mean    83.692308                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls35.bytesPerActivate::gmean    79.214482                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls35.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.744606                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls35.bytesPerActivate::64-79            9     69.23%     69.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls35.bytesPerActivate::128-143            4     30.77%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls35.bytesPerActivate::total           13                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls35.bytesReadDRAM                 1088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls35.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls35.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls35.bytesReadSys                  1088                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls35.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls35.avgRdBW                       6.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls35.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls35.avgRdBWSys                    6.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls35.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls35.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls35.busUtil                       0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls35.busUtilRead                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls35.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls35.totGap                   161134000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls35.avgGap                  9478470.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls35.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl35         1088                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls35.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl35 6160327.040891435929                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls35.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl35           17                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls35.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl35       497500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls35.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl35     29264.71                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls35.pageHitRate                  23.53                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls35.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls35.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35.rank0.actEnergy              92820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank0.preEnergy              49335                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank0.readEnergy            121380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank0.actBackEnergy       32267700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank0.preBackEnergy       40647360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank0.totalEnergy         86700675                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank0.averagePower      490.904883                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls35.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls35.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    105362263                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     65531737                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus25.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus25.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus25.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus25.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus24.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus24.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus24.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus24.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus27.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus27.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus27.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus27.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus26.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus26.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus26.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus26.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus21.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus21.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus21.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus21.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus20.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus20.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus20.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus20.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus23.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus23.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus23.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus23.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus22.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus22.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus22.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus22.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus29.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus29.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus29.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus29.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls38.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl38         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls38.bytes_read::total             1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls38.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl38           64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls38.bytes_written::total            64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls38.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl38           20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls38.num_reads::total                20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls38.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl38            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls38.num_writes::total                1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls38.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl38      7247444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls38.bw_read::total             7247444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls38.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl38       362372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls38.bw_write::total             362372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls38.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl38      7609816                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls38.bw_total::total            7609816                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls38.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl38::samples        21.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls38.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls38.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls38.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls38.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls38.numStayReadState                85                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls38.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls38.readReqs                        20                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls38.writeReqs                        1                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls38.readBursts                      20                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls38.writeBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls38.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls38.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls38.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::0              20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.avgRdQLen                     0.98                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls38.avgWrQLen                     0.26                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls38.totQLat                     220000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls38.totBusLat                   100000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls38.totMemAccLat                595000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls38.avgQLat                   11000.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls38.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls38.avgMemAccLat              29750.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls38.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls38.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls38.readRowHits                      4                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls38.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls38.readRowHitRate               20.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls38.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls38.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.readPktSize::6                  20                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.writePktSize::6                  1                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::0                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.bytesPerActivate::samples           16                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls38.bytesPerActivate::mean           80                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls38.bytesPerActivate::gmean    76.109255                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls38.bytesPerActivate::stdev    28.621670                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls38.bytesPerActivate::64-79           12     75.00%     75.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls38.bytesPerActivate::128-143            4     25.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls38.bytesPerActivate::total           16                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls38.bytesReadDRAM                 1280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls38.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls38.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls38.bytesReadSys                  1280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls38.bytesWrittenSys                 64                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls38.avgRdBW                       7.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls38.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls38.avgRdBWSys                    7.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls38.avgWrBWSys                    0.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls38.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls38.busUtil                       0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls38.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls38.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls38.totGap                   161201500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls38.avgGap                  7676261.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls38.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl38         1280                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls38.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl38 7247443.577519336715                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls38.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl38           20                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls38.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl38            1                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls38.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl38       595000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls38.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl38     29750.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls38.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl38         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls38.pageHitRate                  19.05                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls38.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls38.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38.rank0.actEnergy             114240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank0.preEnergy              60720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank0.readEnergy            142800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank0.actBackEnergy       32825160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank0.preBackEnergy       40177920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank0.totalEnergy         86842920                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank0.averagePower      491.710283                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls38.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls38.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    104094016                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     66799984                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls39.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl39         1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls39.bytes_read::total             1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls39.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl39           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls39.num_reads::total                19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls39.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl39      6885071                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls39.bw_read::total             6885071                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls39.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl39      6885071                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls39.bw_total::total            6885071                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls39.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl39::samples        19.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls39.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls39.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls39.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls39.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls39.numStayReadState                82                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls39.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls39.readReqs                        19                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls39.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls39.readBursts                      19                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls39.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls39.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls39.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls39.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::0              19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls39.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls39.totQLat                     206250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls39.totBusLat                    95000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls39.totMemAccLat                562500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls39.avgQLat                   10855.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls39.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls39.avgMemAccLat              29605.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls39.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls39.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls39.readRowHits                      4                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls39.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls39.readRowHitRate               21.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls39.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls39.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.readPktSize::6                  19                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::0                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.bytesPerActivate::samples           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls39.bytesPerActivate::mean    81.066667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls39.bytesPerActivate::gmean    76.993602                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls39.bytesPerActivate::stdev    29.295213                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls39.bytesPerActivate::64-79           11     73.33%     73.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls39.bytesPerActivate::128-143            4     26.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls39.bytesPerActivate::total           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls39.bytesReadDRAM                 1216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls39.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls39.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls39.bytesReadSys                  1216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls39.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls39.avgRdBW                       6.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls39.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls39.avgRdBWSys                    6.89                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls39.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls39.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls39.busUtil                       0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls39.busUtilRead                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls39.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls39.totGap                   165056500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls39.avgGap                  8687184.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls39.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl39         1216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls39.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl39 6885071.398643369786                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls39.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl39           19                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls39.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl39       562500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls39.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl39     29605.26                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls39.pageHitRate                  21.05                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls39.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls39.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39.rank0.actEnergy             107100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank0.preEnergy              56925                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank0.readEnergy            135660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank0.actBackEnergy       32071620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank0.preBackEnergy       40812480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank0.totalEnergy         86705865                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank0.averagePower      490.934269                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls39.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls39.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    105762015                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     65131985                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu38.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu38.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu38.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu38.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu38.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu39.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu39.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu39.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu39.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu39.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu36.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu36.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu36.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu36.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu36.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu37.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu37.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu37.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu37.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu37.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu34.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu34.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu34.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu34.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu34.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu35.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu35.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu35.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu35.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu35.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu32.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu32.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu32.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu32.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu32.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu33.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu33.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu33.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu33.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu33.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu30.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu30.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu30.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu30.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu30.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu31.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu31.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu31.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu31.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu31.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl28.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl29.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl26.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl27.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl24.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl25.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl22.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl23.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl20.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl21.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl59.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl58.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl53.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl52.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl51.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl50.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl57.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl56.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl55.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl54.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl48.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl49.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links119.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links119.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links118.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links118.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links111.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links111.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links110.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links110.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links113.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links113.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links112.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links112.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links115.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links115.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links114.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links114.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links117.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links117.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links116.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links116.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links19.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links19.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links18.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links18.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links15.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links15.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links14.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links14.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links17.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links17.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links16.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links16.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links11.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links11.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links10.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links10.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links13.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links13.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links12.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links12.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links186.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links186.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links187.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links187.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links184.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links184.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links185.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links185.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links182.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links182.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links183.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links183.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links180.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links180.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links181.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links181.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links188.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links188.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links189.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links189.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links9.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links9.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links9.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links9.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links8.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links8.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links8.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links8.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links7.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links7.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links7.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links7.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links6.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links6.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links6.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links6.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links5.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links5.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links5.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links5.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links4.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links4.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links4.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links4.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links2.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links2.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links2.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links2.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links1.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links1.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links1.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links1.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links205.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links205.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links204.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links204.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links207.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links207.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links206.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links206.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links168.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links168.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links169.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links169.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links203.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links203.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links202.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links202.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links164.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links164.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links165.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links165.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links166.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links166.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links167.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links167.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links160.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links160.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links161.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links161.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links162.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links162.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links163.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links163.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers18.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers19.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers16.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers17.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs65.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs64.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs67.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs66.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs61.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs60.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs63.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs62.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs69.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs68.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links59.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links59.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links59.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links59.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links58.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links58.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links58.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links58.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links53.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links53.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links53.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links53.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links52.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links52.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links52.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links52.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links51.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links51.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links51.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links51.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links50.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links50.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links50.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links50.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links57.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links57.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links57.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links57.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links56.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links56.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links56.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links56.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links55.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links55.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links55.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links55.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links54.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links54.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links54.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links54.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links59.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links59.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links58.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links58.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links51.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links51.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links50.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links50.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links53.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links53.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links52.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links52.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links55.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links55.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links54.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links54.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links57.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links57.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links56.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links56.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs10.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs11.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs12.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs13.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs14.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs15.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs16.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs17.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs18.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs19.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links126.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links126.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links126.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links126.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links127.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links127.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links127.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links127.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links124.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links124.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links124.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links124.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links125.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links125.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links125.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links125.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links122.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links122.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links122.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links122.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links123.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links123.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links123.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links123.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links120.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links120.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links120.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links120.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links121.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links121.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links121.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links121.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links120.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links120.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links121.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links121.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links122.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links122.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links123.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links123.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links124.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links124.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links125.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links125.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links126.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links126.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links127.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links127.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links128.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links128.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links129.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links129.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers54.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers55.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers56.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers57.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers50.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers51.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers52.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers53.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers58.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers59.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs89.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs88.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs83.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs82.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs81.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs80.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs87.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs86.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs85.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs84.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers21.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers20.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers23.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers22.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers25.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers24.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers27.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers26.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers29.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers28.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs127.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs126.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs125.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs124.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs123.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs122.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs121.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs120.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links201.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links201.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links200.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links200.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links95.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links95.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links94.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links94.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links97.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links97.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links96.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links96.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links91.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links91.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links90.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links90.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links93.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links93.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links92.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links92.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs54.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs55.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs56.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs57.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links99.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links99.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links98.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links98.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs52.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs53.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links209.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links209.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links208.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links208.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links191.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links191.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links190.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links190.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links193.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links193.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links192.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links192.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links195.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links195.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links194.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links194.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links197.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links197.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links196.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links196.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links199.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links199.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links198.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links198.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers9.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links179.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links179.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links178.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links178.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links177.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links177.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links176.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links176.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links175.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links175.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links174.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links174.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links173.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links173.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links172.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links172.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links171.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links171.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links170.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links170.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers61.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers60.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers63.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers62.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links48.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links48.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links48.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links48.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links49.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links49.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links49.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links49.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links40.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links40.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links40.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links40.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links41.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links41.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links41.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links41.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links42.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links42.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links42.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links42.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links43.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links43.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links43.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links43.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links44.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links44.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links44.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links44.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links45.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links45.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links45.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links45.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links46.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links46.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links46.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links46.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links47.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links47.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links47.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links47.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links48.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links48.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links49.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links49.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links46.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links46.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links47.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links47.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links44.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links44.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links45.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links45.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links42.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links42.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links43.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links43.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links40.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links40.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links41.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links41.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs93.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links133.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links133.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links132.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links132.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links131.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links131.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links130.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links130.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links137.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links137.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links136.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links136.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links135.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links135.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links134.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links134.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links139.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links139.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links138.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links138.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links39.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links39.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links38.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links38.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links33.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links33.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links32.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links32.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links31.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links31.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links30.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links30.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links37.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links37.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links36.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links36.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links35.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links35.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links34.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links34.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links74.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links74.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links99.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links99.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links99.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links99.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links98.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links98.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links98.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links98.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links97.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links97.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links97.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links97.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links96.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links96.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links96.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links96.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links95.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links95.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links95.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links95.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links94.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links94.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links94.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links94.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links223.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links223.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links222.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links222.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links221.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links221.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links220.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links220.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers32.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers33.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers30.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers31.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers36.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers37.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers34.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers35.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers38.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links88.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links88.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links89.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links89.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links82.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links82.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links83.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links83.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links80.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links80.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links81.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links81.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links86.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links86.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links87.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links87.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links84.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links84.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links85.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links85.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs49.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs48.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs47.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs46.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs45.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs44.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs43.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs42.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs41.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs40.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs58.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs59.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links212.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links212.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links213.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links213.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links210.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links210.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs50.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links77.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links77.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links76.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links76.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links75.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links75.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links211.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links211.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links73.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links73.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links72.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links72.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links71.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links71.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links70.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links70.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links216.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links216.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links79.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links79.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links78.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links78.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links214.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links214.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links215.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links215.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs51.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links108.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links108.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links108.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links108.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links109.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links109.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links109.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links109.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links100.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links100.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links100.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links100.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links101.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links101.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links101.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links101.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links102.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links102.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links102.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links102.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links103.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links103.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links103.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links103.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links104.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links104.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links104.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links104.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links105.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links105.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links105.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links105.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links106.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links106.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links106.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links106.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links107.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links107.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links107.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links107.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links148.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links148.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links149.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links149.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links142.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links142.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links143.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links143.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links140.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links140.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links141.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links141.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links146.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links146.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links147.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links147.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links144.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links144.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links145.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links145.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers8.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs8.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs9.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links9.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links9.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links8.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links8.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links1.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links1.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links0.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links0.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links3.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links3.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links2.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links2.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links5.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links5.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links4.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links4.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links7.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links7.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links6.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links6.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs101.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs100.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs103.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs102.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs105.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs104.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs107.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs106.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs109.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs108.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links79.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links79.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links79.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links79.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links78.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links78.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links78.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links78.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links75.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links75.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links75.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links75.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links74.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links74.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links74.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links74.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links77.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links77.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links77.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links77.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links76.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links76.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links76.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links76.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links71.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links71.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links71.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links71.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links70.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links70.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links70.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links70.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links73.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links73.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links73.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links73.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links72.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links72.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links72.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links72.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs36.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs37.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs34.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs35.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs32.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs33.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs30.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs31.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs38.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs39.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links108.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links108.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links109.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links109.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links106.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links106.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links107.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links107.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links104.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links104.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links105.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links105.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links102.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links102.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links103.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links103.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links100.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links100.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links101.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links101.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links28.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links28.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links29.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links29.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links20.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links20.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links21.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links21.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links22.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links22.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links23.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links23.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links24.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links24.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links25.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links25.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links26.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links26.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links27.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links27.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links218.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links218.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links219.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links219.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links88.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links88.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links88.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links88.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links89.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links89.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links89.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links89.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links84.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links84.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links84.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links84.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links85.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links85.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links85.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links85.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links86.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links86.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links86.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links86.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links87.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links87.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links87.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links87.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links80.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links80.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links80.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links80.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links81.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links81.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links81.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links81.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links82.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links82.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links82.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links82.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links83.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links83.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links83.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links83.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links217.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links217.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links39.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links39.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links39.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links39.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links38.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links38.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links38.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links38.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links33.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links33.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links33.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links33.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links32.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links32.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links32.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links32.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links35.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links35.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links35.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links35.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links34.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links34.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links34.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links34.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links37.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links37.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links37.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links37.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links36.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links36.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links36.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links36.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs72.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs73.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs70.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs71.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs76.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs77.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs74.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs75.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs78.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs79.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links64.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links64.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links65.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links65.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links66.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links66.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links67.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links67.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links60.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links60.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links61.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links61.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links62.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links62.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links63.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links63.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links68.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links68.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links69.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links69.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links119.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links119.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links119.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links119.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links118.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links118.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links118.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links118.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links113.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links113.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links113.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links113.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links112.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links112.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links112.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links112.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links111.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links111.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links111.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links111.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links110.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links110.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links110.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links110.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links117.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links117.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links117.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links117.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links116.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links116.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links116.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links116.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links115.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links115.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links115.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links115.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links114.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links114.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links114.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links114.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links155.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links155.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links154.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links154.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links157.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links157.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links156.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links156.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links151.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links151.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links150.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links150.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links153.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links153.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links152.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links152.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links159.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links159.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links158.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links158.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers43.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers42.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers41.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers40.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers47.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers46.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers45.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers44.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links93.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links93.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links93.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links93.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers49.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers48.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links92.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links92.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links92.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links92.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs98.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs99.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links91.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links91.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links91.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links91.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs90.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs91.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs92.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links90.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links90.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links90.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links90.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs94.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs95.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs96.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs97.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs112.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs113.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs110.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs111.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs116.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs117.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs114.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs115.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs118.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs119.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links62.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links62.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links62.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links62.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links63.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links63.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links63.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links63.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links60.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links60.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links60.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links60.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links61.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links61.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links61.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links61.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links66.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links66.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links66.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links66.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links67.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links67.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links67.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links67.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links64.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links64.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links64.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links64.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links65.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links65.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links65.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links65.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links68.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links68.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links68.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links68.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links69.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links69.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links69.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links69.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs29.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs28.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs21.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs20.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs23.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs22.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs25.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs24.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs27.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs26.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers39.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl40.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl41.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl42.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl43.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl44.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl45.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl46.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl47.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl32.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl32.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl33.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl33.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl34.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl34.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl35.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl35.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl36.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl36.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl37.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl37.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl38.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl38.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl39.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl39.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl52.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl52.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl53.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl53.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl50.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl50.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl51.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl51.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl56.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl56.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl57.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl57.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl54.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl54.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl55.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl55.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl58.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl58.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl59.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl59.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl41.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl41.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl40.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl40.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl43.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl43.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl42.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl42.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl45.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl45.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl44.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl44.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl47.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl47.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl46.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl46.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl49.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl49.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl48.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl48.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl62.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl63.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl60.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl61.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl17.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl16.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl19.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl18.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.dir_cntrl39.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl38.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl31.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl30.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl33.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl32.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl35.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl34.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl37.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl36.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl63.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl63.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl62.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl62.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl61.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl61.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl60.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl60.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls62.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl62         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls62.bytes_read::total             1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls62.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl62           64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls62.bytes_written::total            64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls62.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl62           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls62.num_reads::total                22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls62.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl62            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls62.num_writes::total                1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls62.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl62      7972188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls62.bw_read::total             7972188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls62.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl62       362372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls62.bw_write::total             362372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls62.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl62      8334560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls62.bw_total::total            8334560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls62.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl62::samples        23.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls62.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls62.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000191498                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls62.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls62.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls62.numStayReadState                89                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls62.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls62.readReqs                        22                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls62.writeReqs                        1                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls62.readBursts                      22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls62.writeBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls62.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls62.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls62.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::0              22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.avgRdQLen                     0.99                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls62.avgWrQLen                     0.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls62.totQLat                     299499                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls62.totBusLat                   110000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls62.totMemAccLat                711999                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls62.avgQLat                   13613.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls62.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls62.avgMemAccLat              32363.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls62.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls62.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls62.readRowHits                      6                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls62.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls62.readRowHitRate               27.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls62.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls62.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.readPktSize::6                  22                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.writePktSize::6                  1                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::0                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.bytesPerActivate::samples           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls62.bytesPerActivate::mean    89.600000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls62.bytesPerActivate::gmean    82.844317                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls62.bytesPerActivate::stdev    40.477154                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls62.bytesPerActivate::64-79           10     66.67%     66.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls62.bytesPerActivate::128-143            4     26.67%     93.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls62.bytesPerActivate::192-207            1      6.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls62.bytesPerActivate::total           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls62.bytesReadDRAM                 1408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls62.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls62.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls62.bytesReadSys                  1408                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls62.bytesWrittenSys                 64                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls62.avgRdBW                       7.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls62.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls62.avgRdBWSys                    7.97                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls62.avgWrBWSys                    0.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls62.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls62.busUtil                       0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls62.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls62.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls62.totGap                   173400500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls62.avgGap                  7539152.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls62.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl62         1408                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls62.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl62 7972187.935271270573                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls62.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl62           22                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls62.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl62            1                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls62.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl62       711999                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls62.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl62     32363.59                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls62.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl62         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls62.pageHitRate                  26.09                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls62.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls62.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62.rank0.actEnergy             114240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank0.preEnergy              56925                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank0.readEnergy            157080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank0.actBackEnergy       31816830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank0.preBackEnergy       41027040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank0.totalEnergy         86694195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank0.averagePower      490.868193                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls62.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls62.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    106318515                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     64575485                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.sys_port_proxy.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus36.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus36.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus36.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus36.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus37.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus37.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus37.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus37.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus34.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus34.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus34.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus34.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus35.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus35.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus35.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus35.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus32.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus32.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus32.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus32.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus33.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus33.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus33.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus33.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus30.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus30.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus30.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus30.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus31.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus31.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus31.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus31.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu43.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu43.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu43.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu43.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu43.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus38.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus38.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus38.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus38.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus39.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus39.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus39.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus39.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu14.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu14.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu15.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu15.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu16.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu16.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu16.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu16.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu16.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu17.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu17.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu17.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu17.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu17.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu10.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu10.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu11.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu11.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu12.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu12.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu13.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu13.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu18.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu18.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu18.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu18.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu18.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu19.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu19.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu19.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu19.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu19.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus28.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus28.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus28.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus28.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus6.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus6.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus7.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus7.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus4.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus4.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus5.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus5.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus2.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus2.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus3.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus3.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus0.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus0.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus1.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus1.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus8.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus8.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus8.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus8.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus9.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus9.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus9.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus9.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus18.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus18.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus18.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus18.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus19.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus19.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus19.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus19.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus14.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus14.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus14.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus15.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus15.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus15.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus16.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus16.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus16.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus16.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus17.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus17.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus17.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus17.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus10.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus10.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus10.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus11.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus11.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus11.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus12.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus12.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus12.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus13.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus13.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus13.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu61.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu61.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu61.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu61.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu61.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls19.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl19          960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls19.bytes_read::total              960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls19.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl19           64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls19.bytes_written::total            64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls19.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl19           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls19.num_reads::total                15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls19.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl19            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls19.num_writes::total                1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls19.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl19      5435583                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls19.bw_read::total             5435583                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls19.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl19       362372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls19.bw_write::total             362372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls19.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl19      5797955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls19.bw_total::total            5797955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls19.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl19::samples        16.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls19.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls19.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls19.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls19.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls19.numStayReadState                75                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls19.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls19.readReqs                        15                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls19.writeReqs                        1                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls19.readBursts                      15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls19.writeBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls19.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls19.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls19.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::0              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.avgRdQLen                     0.96                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls19.avgWrQLen                     0.75                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls19.totQLat                     165000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls19.totBusLat                    75000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls19.totMemAccLat                446250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls19.avgQLat                   11000.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls19.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls19.avgMemAccLat              29750.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls19.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls19.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls19.readRowHits                      3                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls19.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls19.readRowHitRate               20.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls19.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls19.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.readPktSize::6                  15                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.writePktSize::6                  1                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::0                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.bytesPerActivate::samples           11                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls19.bytesPerActivate::mean    81.454545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls19.bytesPerActivate::gmean    77.317724                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls19.bytesPerActivate::stdev    29.894359                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls19.bytesPerActivate::64-79            8     72.73%     72.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls19.bytesPerActivate::128-143            3     27.27%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls19.bytesPerActivate::total           11                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls19.bytesReadDRAM                  960                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls19.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls19.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls19.bytesReadSys                   960                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls19.bytesWrittenSys                 64                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls19.avgRdBW                       5.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls19.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls19.avgRdBWSys                    5.44                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls19.avgWrBWSys                    0.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls19.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls19.busUtil                       0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls19.busUtilRead                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls19.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls19.totGap                   167352500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls19.avgGap                 10459531.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls19.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl19          960                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls19.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl19 5435582.683139502071                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls19.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl19           15                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls19.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl19            1                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls19.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl19       446250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls19.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl19     29750.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls19.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl19         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls19.pageHitRate                  18.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls19.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls19.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19.rank0.actEnergy              85680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank0.preEnergy              41745                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank0.readEnergy            107100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank0.actBackEnergy       16565910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank0.preBackEnergy       53869920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank0.totalEnergy         84192435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank0.averagePower      476.703064                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls19.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls19.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    139822512                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     31071488                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu63.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu63.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu63.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu63.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu63.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu62.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu62.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu62.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu62.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu62.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl10         1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::total             1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl10          128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::total           128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl10           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::total                19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl10            2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::total                2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl10      6885071                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::total             6885071                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl10       724744                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::total             724744                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl10      7609816                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::total            7609816                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl10::samples        20.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls10.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls10.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls10.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls10.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls10.numStayReadState                82                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls10.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                        19                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                        2                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.readBursts                      19                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts                      2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ                    1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0              18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen                     0.99                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen                     0.61                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                     220000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                    90000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat                557500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                   12222.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat              30972.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits                      2                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate               11.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::6                  19                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::6                  2                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::samples           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::mean    72.533333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::gmean    70.196799                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::stdev    22.519410                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::64-79           13     86.67%     86.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::128-143            2     13.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::total           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM                 1152                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ                    64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys                  1216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys                128                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW                       6.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys                    6.89                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys                    0.72                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtil                       0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.totGap                   171576000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                  8170285.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl10         1152                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls10.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl10 6522699.219767402858                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls10.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl10           19                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls10.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl10            2                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls10.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl10       557500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls10.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl10     29342.11                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls10.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl10         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate                  10.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls10.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls10.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.rank0.actEnergy             114240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank0.preEnergy              56925                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank0.readEnergy            128520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank0.actBackEnergy       29905620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank0.preBackEnergy       42636480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank0.totalEnergy         86363865                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank0.averagePower      488.997843                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls10.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    110512516                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     60381484                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl11         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::total             1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl11           20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::total                20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl11      7247444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::total             7247444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl11      7247444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::total            7247444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl11::samples        20.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls11.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls11.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000500998                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls11.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls11.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls11.numStayReadState                84                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls11.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                        20                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.readBursts                      20                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0              20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen                     0.96                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                     454249                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                   100000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat                829249                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                   22712.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat              41462.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits                      4                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate               20.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::6                  20                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::samples           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::mean    81.066667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::gmean    76.993602                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::stdev    29.295213                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::64-79           11     73.33%     73.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::128-143            4     26.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::total           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM                 1280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys                  1280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW                       7.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys                    7.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtil                       0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.totGap                   165601000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                  8280050.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl11         1280                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls11.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl11 7247443.577519336715                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls11.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl11           20                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls11.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl11       829249                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls11.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl11     41462.45                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate                  20.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls11.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls11.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.rank0.actEnergy             114240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank0.preEnergy              56925                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank0.readEnergy            142800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank0.actBackEnergy       31210350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank0.preBackEnergy       41537760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank0.totalEnergy         86584155                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank0.averagePower      490.245139                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls11.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    107652765                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     63241235                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl12         1472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::total             1472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl12           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::total                23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl12      8334560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::total             8334560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl12      8334560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::total            8334560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl12::samples        23.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls12.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls12.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000537498                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls12.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls12.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls12.numStayReadState                90                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls12.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                        23                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.readBursts                      23                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0              23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen                     0.99                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                     793497                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                   115000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat               1224747                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                   34499.87                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat              53249.87                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits                     10                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate               43.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::6                  23                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::samples           12                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::mean   117.333333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::gmean   106.121559                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::stdev    53.430215                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::64-79            5     41.67%     41.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::128-143            4     33.33%     75.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::192-207            3     25.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::total           12                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM                 1472                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys                  1472                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW                       8.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys                    8.33                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtil                       0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead                   0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.totGap                   171915000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                  7474565.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl12         1472                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls12.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl12 8334560.114147236571                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls12.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl12           23                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls12.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl12      1224747                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls12.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl12     53249.87                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate                  43.48                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls12.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls12.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.rank0.actEnergy              92820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank0.preEnergy              45540                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank0.readEnergy            164220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank0.actBackEnergy       35024220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank0.preBackEnergy       38326080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank0.totalEnergy         87174960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank0.averagePower      493.590316                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls12.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     99332760                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     71561240                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl13         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::total             1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl13           64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::total            64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl13           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::total                17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl13            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::total                1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl13      6160327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::total             6160327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl13       362372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::total             362372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl13      6522699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::total            6522699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl13::samples        18.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls13.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls13.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000451998                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls13.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls13.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls13.numStayReadState                79                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls13.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                        17                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                        1                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.readBursts                      17                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0              17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen                     0.91                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen                     0.11                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                     588748                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                    85000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat                907498                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                   34632.24                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat              53382.24                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits                      4                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate               23.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::6                  17                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::6                  1                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::samples           12                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::mean    85.333333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::gmean    78.724832                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::stdev    41.685693                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::64-79            9     75.00%     75.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::128-143            2     16.67%     91.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::192-207            1      8.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::total           12                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM                 1088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys                  1088                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys                 64                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW                       6.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys                    6.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys                    0.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtil                       0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.totGap                   157660500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                  8758916.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl13         1088                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls13.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl13 6160327.040891435929                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls13.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl13           17                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls13.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl13            1                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls13.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl13       907498                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls13.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl13     53382.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls13.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl13         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate                  22.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls13.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls13.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.rank0.actEnergy              92820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank0.preEnergy              45540                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank0.readEnergy            121380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank0.actBackEnergy       33102180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank0.preBackEnergy       39944640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank0.totalEnergy         86828640                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank0.averagePower      491.629429                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls13.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    103546511                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     67347489                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl14         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::total             1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl14           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::total                17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl14      6160327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::total             6160327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl14      6160327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::total            6160327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl14::samples        17.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls14.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls14.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls14.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls14.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls14.numStayReadState                78                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls14.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                        17                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.readBursts                      17                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0              17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen                     0.87                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                     165000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                    85000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat                483750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                    9705.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat              28455.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits                      5                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate               29.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::6                  17                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::samples           11                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::mean    93.090909                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::gmean    80.220869                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.286431                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::64-95            9     81.82%     81.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::192-223            1      9.09%     90.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::256-287            1      9.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::total           11                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM                 1088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys                  1088                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW                       6.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys                    6.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtil                       0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.totGap                   150122500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                  8830735.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl14         1088                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls14.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl14 6160327.040891435929                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls14.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl14           17                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls14.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl14       483750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls14.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl14     28455.88                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate                  29.41                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls14.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls14.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.rank0.actEnergy              85680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank0.preEnergy              41745                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank0.readEnergy            121380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank0.actBackEnergy       24059130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank0.preBackEnergy       47559840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank0.totalEnergy         85389855                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank0.averagePower      483.482935                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls14.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    123391512                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     47502488                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl15         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::total             1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl15           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::total                17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl15      6160327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::total             6160327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl15      6160327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::total            6160327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl15::samples        17.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls15.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls15.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls15.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls15.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls15.numStayReadState                78                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls15.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                        17                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.readBursts                      17                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0              17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen                     0.95                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                     151250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                    85000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat                470000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                    8897.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat              27647.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits                      6                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate               35.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::6                  17                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::samples           10                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::mean   102.400000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::gmean    94.254935                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::stdev    44.749178                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::64-79            5     50.00%     50.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::128-143            4     40.00%     90.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::192-207            1     10.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::total           10                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM                 1088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys                  1088                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW                       6.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys                    6.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtil                       0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.totGap                   165209500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                  9718205.88                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl15         1088                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls15.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl15 6160327.040891435929                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls15.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl15           17                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls15.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl15       470000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls15.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl15     27647.06                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate                  35.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls15.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls15.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.rank0.actEnergy              78540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank0.preEnergy              37950                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank0.readEnergy            121380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank0.actBackEnergy       22406700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank0.preBackEnergy       48951360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank0.totalEnergy         85118010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank0.averagePower      481.943730                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls15.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    127028761                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     43865239                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls16.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl16         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls16.bytes_read::total             1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls16.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl16           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls16.num_reads::total                17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls16.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl16      6160327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls16.bw_read::total             6160327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls16.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl16      6160327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls16.bw_total::total            6160327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls16.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl16::samples        17.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls16.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls16.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls16.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls16.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls16.numStayReadState                78                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls16.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls16.readReqs                        17                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls16.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls16.readBursts                      17                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls16.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls16.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls16.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls16.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::0              17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.avgRdQLen                     0.93                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls16.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls16.totQLat                     165000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls16.totBusLat                    85000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls16.totMemAccLat                483750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls16.avgQLat                    9705.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls16.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls16.avgMemAccLat              28455.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls16.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls16.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls16.readRowHits                      5                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls16.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls16.readRowHitRate               29.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls16.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls16.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.readPktSize::6                  17                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::0                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.bytesPerActivate::samples           11                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls16.bytesPerActivate::mean    93.090909                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls16.bytesPerActivate::gmean    85.438521                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls16.bytesPerActivate::stdev    44.003306                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls16.bytesPerActivate::64-79            7     63.64%     63.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls16.bytesPerActivate::128-143            3     27.27%     90.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls16.bytesPerActivate::192-207            1      9.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls16.bytesPerActivate::total           11                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls16.bytesReadDRAM                 1088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls16.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls16.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls16.bytesReadSys                  1088                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls16.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls16.avgRdBW                       6.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls16.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls16.avgRdBWSys                    6.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls16.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls16.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls16.busUtil                       0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls16.busUtilRead                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls16.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls16.totGap                   162320000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls16.avgGap                  9548235.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls16.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl16         1088                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls16.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl16 6160327.040891435929                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls16.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl16           17                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls16.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl16       483750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls16.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl16     28455.88                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls16.pageHitRate                  29.41                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls16.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls16.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16.rank0.actEnergy              85680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank0.preEnergy              41745                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank0.readEnergy            121380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank0.actBackEnergy       21938160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank0.preBackEnergy       49345920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank0.totalEnergy         85054965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank0.averagePower      481.586765                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls16.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls16.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    128044012                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     42849988                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls17.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl17         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls17.bytes_read::total             1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls17.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl17           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls17.num_reads::total                16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls17.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl17      5797955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls17.bw_read::total             5797955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls17.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl17      5797955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls17.bw_total::total            5797955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls17.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl17::samples        16.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls17.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls17.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls17.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls17.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls17.numStayReadState                76                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls17.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls17.readReqs                        16                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls17.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls17.readBursts                      16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls17.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls17.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls17.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls17.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.avgRdQLen                     0.95                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls17.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls17.totQLat                     165000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls17.totBusLat                    80000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls17.totMemAccLat                465000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls17.avgQLat                   10312.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls17.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls17.avgMemAccLat              29062.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls17.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls17.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls17.readRowHits                      4                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls17.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls17.readRowHitRate               25.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls17.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls17.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.readPktSize::6                  16                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::0                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.bytesPerActivate::samples           11                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls17.bytesPerActivate::mean    87.272727                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls17.bytesPerActivate::gmean    82.346553                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls17.bytesPerActivate::stdev    32.289599                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls17.bytesPerActivate::64-79            7     63.64%     63.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls17.bytesPerActivate::128-143            4     36.36%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls17.bytesPerActivate::total           11                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls17.bytesReadDRAM                 1024                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls17.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls17.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls17.bytesReadSys                  1024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls17.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls17.avgRdBW                       5.80                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls17.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls17.avgRdBWSys                    5.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls17.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls17.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls17.busUtil                       0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls17.busUtilRead                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls17.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls17.totGap                   166130500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls17.avgGap                 10383156.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls17.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl17         1024                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls17.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl17 5797954.862015469000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls17.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl17           16                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls17.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl17       465000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls17.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl17     29062.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls17.pageHitRate                  25.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls17.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls17.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17.rank0.actEnergy              85680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank0.preEnergy              41745                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank0.readEnergy            114240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank0.actBackEnergy       19147440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank0.preBackEnergy       51696000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank0.totalEnergy         84607185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank0.averagePower      479.051406                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls17.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls17.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    134160512                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     36733488                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls18.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl18          896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls18.bytes_read::total              896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls18.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl18           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls18.num_reads::total                14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls18.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl18      5073211                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls18.bw_read::total             5073211                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls18.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl18      5073211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls18.bw_total::total            5073211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls18.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl18::samples        14.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls18.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls18.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls18.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls18.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls18.numStayReadState                72                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls18.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls18.readReqs                        14                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls18.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls18.readBursts                      14                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls18.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls18.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls18.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls18.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::0              14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.avgRdQLen                     0.95                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls18.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls18.totQLat                     165000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls18.totBusLat                    70000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls18.totMemAccLat                427500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls18.avgQLat                   11785.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls18.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls18.avgMemAccLat              30535.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls18.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls18.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls18.readRowHits                      2                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls18.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls18.readRowHitRate               14.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls18.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls18.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.readPktSize::6                  14                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::0                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.bytesPerActivate::samples           11                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls18.bytesPerActivate::mean    75.636364                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls18.bytesPerActivate::gmean    72.596001                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls18.bytesPerActivate::stdev    25.889275                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls18.bytesPerActivate::64-79            9     81.82%     81.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls18.bytesPerActivate::128-143            2     18.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls18.bytesPerActivate::total           11                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls18.bytesReadDRAM                  896                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls18.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls18.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls18.bytesReadSys                   896                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls18.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls18.avgRdBW                       5.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls18.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls18.avgRdBWSys                    5.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls18.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls18.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls18.busUtil                       0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls18.busUtilRead                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls18.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls18.totGap                   166408500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls18.avgGap                 11886321.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls18.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl18          896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls18.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl18 5073210.504263535142                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls18.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl18           14                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls18.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl18       427500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls18.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl18     30535.71                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls18.pageHitRate                  14.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls18.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls18.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18.rank0.actEnergy              85680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank0.preEnergy              41745                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank0.readEnergy             99960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank0.actBackEnergy       17782290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank0.preBackEnergy       52845600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank0.totalEnergy         84377355                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank0.averagePower      477.750093                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls18.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls18.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    137156512                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     33737488                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls8.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl8         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls8.bytes_read::total              1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls8.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl8           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls8.num_reads::total                 16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls8.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl8      5797955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls8.bw_read::total              5797955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls8.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl8      5797955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls8.bw_total::total             5797955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls8.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl8::samples        16.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls8.priorityMinLatency     0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls8.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls8.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls8.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls8.numStayReadState                 76                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls8.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                         16                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls8.readBursts                       16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls8.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls8.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls8.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls8.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankRdBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls8.avgRdQLen                      0.98                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls8.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                      151250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                     80000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat                 451250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls8.avgQLat                     9453.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls8.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls8.avgMemAccLat               28203.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls8.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls8.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls8.readRowHits                       5                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls8.readRowHitRate                31.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls8.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls8.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls8.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls8.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls8.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls8.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls8.readPktSize::6                   16                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls8.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls8.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls8.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls8.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls8.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls8.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls8.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::0                     16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls8.bytesPerActivate::samples           10                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls8.bytesPerActivate::mean           96                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls8.bytesPerActivate::gmean    84.448506                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls8.bytesPerActivate::stdev    62.196820                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls8.bytesPerActivate::64-95            7     70.00%     70.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls8.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2     20.00%     90.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls8.bytesPerActivate::256-287            1     10.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls8.bytesPerActivate::total           10                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls8.bytesReadDRAM                  1024                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls8.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls8.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls8.bytesReadSys                   1024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls8.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls8.avgRdBW                        5.80                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls8.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls8.avgRdBWSys                     5.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls8.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls8.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls8.busUtil                        0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls8.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls8.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls8.totGap                    168798500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls8.avgGap                  10549906.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls8.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl8         1024                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls8.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl8 5797954.862015469000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls8.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl8           16                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls8.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl8       451250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls8.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl8     28203.12                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls8.pageHitRate                   31.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls8.rank1.actEnergy                   0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank1.preEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank1.readEnergy                  0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank1.writeEnergy                 0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank1.refreshEnergy    13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank1.actBackEnergy         2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank1.preBackEnergy        65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank1.totalEnergy          81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank1.averagePower       462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank1.totalIdleTime               0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls8.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls8.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls8.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls8.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls8.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls8.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls8.rank0.actEnergy               78540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank0.preEnergy               37950                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank0.readEnergy             114240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank0.writeEnergy                 0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank0.refreshEnergy    13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank0.actBackEnergy        28082190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank0.preBackEnergy        44172000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank0.totalEnergy          86007000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank0.averagePower       486.977250                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls8.rank0.totalIdleTime               0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls8.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    114581511                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls8.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls8.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls8.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls8.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     56312489                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls8.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls8.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls9.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl9          960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls9.bytes_read::total               960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls9.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl9           64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls9.bytes_written::total             64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls9.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl9           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls9.num_reads::total                 15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls9.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl9            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls9.num_writes::total                 1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls9.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl9      5435583                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls9.bw_read::total              5435583                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls9.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl9       362372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls9.bw_write::total              362372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls9.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl9      5797955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls9.bw_total::total             5797955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls9.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl9::samples        16.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls9.priorityMinLatency     0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls9.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls9.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls9.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls9.numStayReadState                 75                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls9.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                         15                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                         1                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls9.readBursts                       15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls9.writeBursts                       1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls9.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls9.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls9.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankRdBursts::0               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls9.avgRdQLen                      0.96                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls9.avgWrQLen                      0.20                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                      165000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                     75000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat                 446250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls9.avgQLat                    11000.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls9.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls9.avgMemAccLat               29750.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls9.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls9.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls9.readRowHits                       3                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls9.readRowHitRate                20.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls9.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls9.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls9.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls9.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls9.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls9.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls9.readPktSize::6                   15                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls9.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls9.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls9.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls9.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls9.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls9.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls9.writePktSize::6                   1                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::0                     15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls9.bytesPerActivate::samples           11                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls9.bytesPerActivate::mean    81.454545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls9.bytesPerActivate::gmean    75.321853                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls9.bytesPerActivate::stdev    41.386867                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls9.bytesPerActivate::64-79            9     81.82%     81.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls9.bytesPerActivate::128-143            1      9.09%     90.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls9.bytesPerActivate::192-207            1      9.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls9.bytesPerActivate::total           11                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls9.bytesReadDRAM                   960                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls9.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls9.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls9.bytesReadSys                    960                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls9.bytesWrittenSys                  64                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls9.avgRdBW                        5.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls9.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls9.avgRdBWSys                     5.44                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls9.avgWrBWSys                     0.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls9.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls9.busUtil                        0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls9.busUtilRead                    0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls9.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls9.totGap                    165345500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls9.avgGap                  10334093.75                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls9.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl9          960                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls9.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl9 5435582.683139502071                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls9.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl9           15                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls9.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl9            1                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls9.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl9       446250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls9.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl9     29750.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls9.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl9         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls9.pageHitRate                   18.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls9.rank1.actEnergy                   0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank1.preEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank1.readEnergy                  0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank1.writeEnergy                 0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank1.refreshEnergy    13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank1.actBackEnergy         2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank1.preBackEnergy        65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank1.totalEnergy          81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank1.averagePower       462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank1.totalIdleTime               0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls9.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls9.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls9.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls9.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls9.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls9.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls9.rank0.actEnergy               85680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank0.preEnergy               41745                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank0.readEnergy             107100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank0.writeEnergy                 0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank0.refreshEnergy    13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank0.actBackEnergy        25265250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank0.preBackEnergy        46544160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank0.totalEnergy          85566015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank0.averagePower       484.480364                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls9.rank0.totalIdleTime               0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls9.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    120745762                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls9.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls9.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls9.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls9.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     50148238                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls9.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls9.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu60.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu60.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu60.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu60.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu60.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl2         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total              1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl2           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total                 17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl2      6160327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              6160327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl2      6160327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total             6160327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl2::samples        17.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls2.priorityMinLatency     0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls2.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000040249                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls2.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls2.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls2.numStayReadState                 78                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls2.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                         17                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                       17                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                      158999                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                     85000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                 477749                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                     9352.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               28102.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       6                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                35.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                   17                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                     17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples           11                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean    98.909091                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    88.646587                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    52.492770                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::64-79            7     63.64%     63.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-143            2     18.18%     81.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::192-207            2     18.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total           11                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                  1088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                   1088                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        6.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     6.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                    171098500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                  10064617.65                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl2         1088                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls2.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl2 6160327.040891435929                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls2.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl2           17                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl2       477749                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl2     28102.88                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   35.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.rank1.actEnergy                   0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank1.preEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank1.readEnergy                  0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank1.writeEnergy                 0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank1.refreshEnergy    13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank1.actBackEnergy         2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank1.preBackEnergy        65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank1.totalEnergy          81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank1.averagePower       462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank1.totalIdleTime               0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.rank0.actEnergy               78540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank0.preEnergy               41745                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank0.readEnergy             121380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank0.writeEnergy                 0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank0.refreshEnergy    13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank0.actBackEnergy        17171820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank0.preBackEnergy        53359680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank0.totalEnergy          84295245                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank0.averagePower       477.285181                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.rank0.totalIdleTime               0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    138495011                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     32398989                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl3         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total              1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl3           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total                 17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl3      6160327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              6160327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl3      6160327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total             6160327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl3::samples        17.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls3.priorityMinLatency     0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls3.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000578498                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls3.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls3.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls3.numStayReadState                 78                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls3.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                         17                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                       17                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.95                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                      637998                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                     85000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                 956748                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    37529.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               56279.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       5                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                29.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                   17                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                     17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples           11                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean    93.090909                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    85.438521                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    44.003306                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::64-79            7     63.64%     63.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-143            3     27.27%     90.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::192-207            1      9.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total           11                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                  1088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                   1088                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        6.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     6.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                    161904000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   9523764.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl3         1088                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls3.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl3 6160327.040891435929                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls3.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl3           17                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls3.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl3       956748                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls3.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl3     56279.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   29.41                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.rank1.actEnergy                   0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank1.preEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank1.readEnergy                  0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank1.writeEnergy                 0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank1.refreshEnergy    13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank1.actBackEnergy         2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank1.preBackEnergy        65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank1.totalEnergy          81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank1.averagePower       462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank1.totalIdleTime               0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.rank0.actEnergy               85680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank0.preEnergy               41745                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank0.readEnergy             121380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank0.writeEnergy                 0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank0.refreshEnergy    13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank0.actBackEnergy        30939600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank0.preBackEnergy        41765760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank0.totalEnergy          86476245                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank0.averagePower       489.634146                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.rank0.totalIdleTime               0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    108302760                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     62591240                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl0         1472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total              1472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl0           64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total             64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl0           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total                 23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl0            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total                 1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl0      8334560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              8334560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl0       362372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              362372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl0      8696932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             8696932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl0::samples        24.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMinLatency     0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls0.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayReadState                 91                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                         23                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         1                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                       23                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0               23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.12                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                      192500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                    115000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                 623750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     8369.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               27119.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       9                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                39.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                   23                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   1                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                     23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples           14                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   105.142857                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    93.956465                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    53.881433                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::64-79            8     57.14%     57.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-143            3     21.43%     78.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::192-207            3     21.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total           14                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                  1472                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                   1472                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                  64                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        8.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     8.33                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                    170159500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   7089979.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl0         1472                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl0 8334560.114147236571                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl0           23                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl0            1                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl0       623750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl0     27119.57                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl0         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   37.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.rank1.actEnergy                   0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank1.preEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank1.readEnergy                  0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank1.writeEnergy                 0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank1.refreshEnergy    13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank1.actBackEnergy         2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank1.preBackEnergy        65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank1.totalEnergy          81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank1.averagePower       462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank1.totalIdleTime               0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.rank0.actEnergy               99960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank0.preEnergy               53130                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank0.readEnergy             164220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank0.writeEnergy                 0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank0.refreshEnergy    13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank0.actBackEnergy        28906410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank0.preBackEnergy        43477920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank0.totalEnergy          86223720                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank0.averagePower       488.204333                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.rank0.totalIdleTime               0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    112717264                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     58176736                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl1         1856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total              1856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl1          192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total            192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl1           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total                 29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl1            3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total                 3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl1     10508793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             10508793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl1      1087117                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             1087117                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl1     11595910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            11595910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl1::samples        27.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMinLatency     0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls1.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayReadState                 97                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                         29                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         3                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                       29                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     4                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0               25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.98                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                      192500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                    125000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                 661250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     7700.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               26450.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                      11                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                44.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                   29                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   3                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                     25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples           14                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   114.285714                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    97.898280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    71.789681                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::64-95            8     57.14%     57.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-159            3     21.43%     78.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::192-223            1      7.14%     85.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-287            2     14.29%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total           14                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                  1600                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                   1856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                 192                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        9.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    10.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     1.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                    167803500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   5243859.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl1         1600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl1 9059304.471899170429                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl1           29                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl1            3                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl1       661250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl1     22801.72                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl1         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   40.74                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.rank1.actEnergy                   0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank1.preEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank1.readEnergy                  0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank1.writeEnergy                 0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank1.refreshEnergy    13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank1.actBackEnergy         2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank1.preBackEnergy        65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank1.totalEnergy          81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank1.averagePower       462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank1.totalIdleTime               0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.rank0.actEnergy               99960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank0.preEnergy               53130                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank0.readEnergy             178500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank0.writeEnergy                 0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank0.refreshEnergy    13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank0.actBackEnergy        27875280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank0.preBackEnergy        44346240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank0.totalEnergy          86075190                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank0.averagePower       487.363346                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.rank0.totalIdleTime               0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    114979264                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     55914736                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl6         1152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total              1152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl6           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total                 18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl6      6522699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total              6522699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl6      6522699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total             6522699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl6::samples        18.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls6.priorityMinLatency     0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls6.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls6.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls6.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls6.numStayReadState                 80                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls6.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                         18                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                       18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0               18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      0.98                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                      192500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                     90000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat                 530000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    10694.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               29444.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                       4                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                22.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::6                   18                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                     18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples           13                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean    83.692308                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean    77.480768                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev    40.347211                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::64-79           10     76.92%     76.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::128-143            2     15.38%     92.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::192-207            1      7.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total           13                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM                  1152                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                   1152                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                        6.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                     6.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                    168638500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                   9368805.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl6         1152                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls6.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl6 6522699.219767402858                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls6.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl6           18                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls6.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl6       530000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls6.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl6     29444.44                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   22.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6.rank1.actEnergy                   0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank1.preEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank1.readEnergy                  0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank1.writeEnergy                 0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank1.refreshEnergy    13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank1.actBackEnergy         2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank1.preBackEnergy        65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank1.totalEnergy          81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank1.averagePower       462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank1.totalIdleTime               0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.rank0.actEnergy               99960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank0.preEnergy               49335                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank0.readEnergy             128520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank0.writeEnergy                 0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank0.refreshEnergy    13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank0.actBackEnergy        28228680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank0.preBackEnergy        44048640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank0.totalEnergy          86077215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank0.averagePower       487.374812                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.rank0.totalIdleTime               0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    114218764                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     56675236                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl7          896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total               896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl7           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total                 14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl7      5073211                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total              5073211                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl7      5073211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total             5073211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl7::samples        14.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls7.priorityMinLatency     0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls7.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls7.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls7.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls7.numStayReadState                 72                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls7.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                         14                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                       14                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0               14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      0.98                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                      137500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                     70000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat                 400000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                     9821.43                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat               28571.43                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                       4                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                28.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::6                   14                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                     14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples            9                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean    92.444444                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean    87.090560                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev    33.730962                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::64-79            5     55.56%     55.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::128-143            4     44.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total            9                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM                   896                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                    896                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                        5.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                     5.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                    168819000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                  12058500.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl7          896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls7.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl7 5073210.504263535142                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls7.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl7           14                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls7.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl7       400000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls7.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl7     28571.43                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   28.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7.rank1.actEnergy                   0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank1.preEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank1.readEnergy                  0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank1.writeEnergy                 0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank1.refreshEnergy    13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank1.actBackEnergy         2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank1.preBackEnergy        65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank1.totalEnergy          81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank1.averagePower       462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank1.totalIdleTime               0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.rank0.actEnergy               71400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank0.preEnergy               34155                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank0.readEnergy              99960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank0.writeEnergy                 0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank0.refreshEnergy    13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank0.actBackEnergy        22358820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank0.preBackEnergy        48991680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank0.totalEnergy          85078095                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank0.averagePower       481.717729                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.rank0.totalIdleTime               0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    127150759                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     43743241                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl4         1152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total              1152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl4           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total                 18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl4      6522699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total              6522699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl4      6522699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total             6522699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl4::samples        18.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls4.priorityMinLatency     0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls4.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls4.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls4.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls4.numStayReadState                 80                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls4.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                         18                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                       18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0               18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      0.94                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                      165000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                     90000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat                 502500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                     9166.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               27916.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                       6                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                33.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::6                   18                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                     18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples           11                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean    98.909091                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean    88.646587                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev    52.492770                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::64-79            7     63.64%     63.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::128-143            2     18.18%     81.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::192-207            2     18.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total           11                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM                  1152                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                   1152                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                        6.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                     6.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                    161602500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                   8977916.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl4         1152                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls4.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl4 6522699.219767402858                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls4.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl4           18                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls4.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl4       502500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls4.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl4     27916.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   33.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4.rank1.actEnergy                   0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank1.preEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank1.readEnergy                  0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank1.writeEnergy                 0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank1.refreshEnergy    13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank1.actBackEnergy         2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank1.preBackEnergy        65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank1.totalEnergy          81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank1.averagePower       462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank1.totalIdleTime               0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.rank0.actEnergy               85680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank0.preEnergy               41745                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank0.readEnergy             128520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank0.writeEnergy                 0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank0.refreshEnergy    13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank0.actBackEnergy        29038080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank0.preBackEnergy        43367040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank0.totalEnergy          86183145                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank0.averagePower       487.974594                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.rank0.totalIdleTime               0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    112471012                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     58422988                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl5         1152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total              1152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl5           64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total             64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl5           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total                 18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl5            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total                 1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl5      6522699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total              6522699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl5       362372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total              362372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl5      6885071                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total             6885071                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl5::samples        19.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls5.priorityMinLatency     0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls5.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls5.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls5.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls5.numStayReadState                 81                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls5.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                         18                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                         1                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                       18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                       1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0               18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      0.98                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                      0.10                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                      165000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                     90000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat                 502500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                     9166.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               27916.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                       6                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                33.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::6                   18                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::6                   1                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                     18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples           11                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean    98.909091                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean    88.646587                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev    52.492770                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::64-79            7     63.64%     63.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::128-143            2     18.18%     81.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::192-207            2     18.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total           11                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM                  1152                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                   1152                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys                  64                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                        6.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                     6.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     0.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                    168577500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                   8872500.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl5         1152                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls5.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl5 6522699.219767402858                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls5.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl5           18                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls5.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl5            1                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls5.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl5       502500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls5.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl5     27916.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls5.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl5         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   31.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5.rank1.actEnergy                   0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank1.preEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank1.readEnergy                  0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank1.writeEnergy                 0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank1.refreshEnergy    13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank1.actBackEnergy         2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank1.preBackEnergy        65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank1.totalEnergy          81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank1.averagePower       462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank1.totalIdleTime               0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.rank0.actEnergy               85680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank0.preEnergy               41745                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank0.readEnergy             128520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank0.writeEnergy                 0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank0.refreshEnergy    13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank0.actBackEnergy        31593390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank0.preBackEnergy        41215200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank0.totalEnergy          86586615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank0.averagePower       490.259068                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.rank0.totalIdleTime               0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    106870012                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     64023988                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.switch_cpus61.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus61.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus61.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus61.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus60.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus60.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus60.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus60.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus63.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus63.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus63.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus63.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus62.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus62.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus62.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus62.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls29.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl29         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls29.bytes_read::total             1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls29.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl29           64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls29.bytes_written::total            64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls29.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl29           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls29.num_reads::total                22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls29.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl29            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls29.num_writes::total                1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls29.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl29      7972188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls29.bw_read::total             7972188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls29.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl29       362372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls29.bw_write::total             362372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls29.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl29      8334560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls29.bw_total::total            8334560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls29.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl29::samples        20.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls29.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls29.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000387498                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls29.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls29.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls29.numStayReadState                83                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls29.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls29.readReqs                        22                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls29.writeReqs                        1                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls29.readBursts                      22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls29.writeBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls29.servicedByWrQ                    3                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls29.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls29.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::0              19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.avgRdQLen                     0.94                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls29.avgWrQLen                     0.76                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls29.totQLat                     342499                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls29.totBusLat                    95000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls29.totMemAccLat                698749                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls29.avgQLat                   18026.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls29.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls29.avgMemAccLat              36776.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls29.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls29.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls29.readRowHits                      7                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls29.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls29.readRowHitRate               36.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls29.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls29.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.readPktSize::6                  22                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.writePktSize::6                  1                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::0                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.bytesPerActivate::samples           12                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls29.bytesPerActivate::mean   101.333333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls29.bytesPerActivate::gmean    93.620131                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls29.bytesPerActivate::stdev    42.787707                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls29.bytesPerActivate::64-79            6     50.00%     50.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls29.bytesPerActivate::128-143            5     41.67%     91.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls29.bytesPerActivate::192-207            1      8.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls29.bytesPerActivate::total           12                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls29.bytesReadDRAM                 1216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls29.bytesReadWrQ                   192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls29.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls29.bytesReadSys                  1408                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls29.bytesWrittenSys                 64                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls29.avgRdBW                       6.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls29.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls29.avgRdBWSys                    7.97                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls29.avgWrBWSys                    0.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls29.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls29.busUtil                       0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls29.busUtilRead                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls29.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls29.totGap                   153083500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls29.avgGap                  6655804.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls29.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl29         1216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls29.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl29 6885071.398643369786                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls29.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl29           22                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls29.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl29            1                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls29.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl29       698749                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls29.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl29     31761.32                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls29.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl29         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls29.pageHitRate                  35.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls29.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls29.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29.rank0.actEnergy              85680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank0.preEnergy              45540                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank0.readEnergy            135660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank0.actBackEnergy       32800080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank0.preBackEnergy       40199040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank0.totalEnergy         86788080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank0.averagePower      491.399776                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls29.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls29.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    104208261                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     66685739                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls28.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl28         1344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls28.bytes_read::total             1344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls28.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl28           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls28.num_reads::total                21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls28.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl28      7609816                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls28.bw_read::total             7609816                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls28.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl28      7609816                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls28.bw_total::total            7609816                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls28.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl28::samples        21.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls28.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls28.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls28.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls28.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls28.numStayReadState                86                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls28.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls28.readReqs                        21                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls28.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls28.readBursts                      21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls28.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls28.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls28.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls28.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::0              21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls28.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls28.totQLat                     192500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls28.totBusLat                   105000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls28.totMemAccLat                586250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls28.avgQLat                    9166.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls28.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls28.avgMemAccLat              27916.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls28.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls28.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls28.readRowHits                      7                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls28.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls28.readRowHitRate               33.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls28.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls28.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.readPktSize::6                  21                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::0                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.bytesPerActivate::samples           13                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls28.bytesPerActivate::mean    98.461538                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls28.bytesPerActivate::gmean    88.128605                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls28.bytesPerActivate::stdev    56.131713                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls28.bytesPerActivate::64-95            8     61.54%     61.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls28.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4     30.77%     92.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls28.bytesPerActivate::256-287            1      7.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls28.bytesPerActivate::total           13                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls28.bytesReadDRAM                 1344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls28.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls28.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls28.bytesReadSys                  1344                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls28.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls28.avgRdBW                       7.61                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls28.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls28.avgRdBWSys                    7.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls28.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls28.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls28.busUtil                       0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls28.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls28.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls28.totGap                   175937000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls28.avgGap                  8377952.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls28.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl28         1344                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls28.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl28 7609815.756395303644                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls28.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl28           21                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls28.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl28       586250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls28.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl28     27916.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls28.pageHitRate                  33.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls28.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls28.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28.rank0.actEnergy              99960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank0.preEnergy              49335                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank0.readEnergy            149940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank0.actBackEnergy       32568090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank0.preBackEnergy       40394400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank0.totalEnergy         86783805                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank0.averagePower      491.375570                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls28.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls28.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    104702514                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     66191486                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls25.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl25         1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls25.bytes_read::total             1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls25.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl25           64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls25.bytes_written::total            64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls25.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl25           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls25.num_reads::total                19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls25.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl25            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls25.num_writes::total                1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls25.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl25      6885071                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls25.bw_read::total             6885071                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls25.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl25       362372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls25.bw_write::total             362372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls25.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl25      7247444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls25.bw_total::total            7247444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls25.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl25::samples        20.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls25.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls25.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls25.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls25.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls25.numStayReadState                83                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls25.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls25.readReqs                        19                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls25.writeReqs                        1                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls25.readBursts                      19                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls25.writeBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls25.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls25.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls25.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::0              19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.avgRdQLen                     0.95                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls25.avgWrQLen                     0.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls25.totQLat                     206250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls25.totBusLat                    95000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls25.totMemAccLat                562500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls25.avgQLat                   10855.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls25.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls25.avgMemAccLat              29605.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls25.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls25.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls25.readRowHits                      4                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls25.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls25.readRowHitRate               21.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls25.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls25.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.readPktSize::6                  19                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.writePktSize::6                  1                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::0                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.bytesPerActivate::samples           14                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls25.bytesPerActivate::mean    82.285714                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls25.bytesPerActivate::gmean    78.016874                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls25.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.003663                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls25.bytesPerActivate::64-79           10     71.43%     71.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls25.bytesPerActivate::128-143            4     28.57%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls25.bytesPerActivate::total           14                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls25.bytesReadDRAM                 1216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls25.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls25.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls25.bytesReadSys                  1216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls25.bytesWrittenSys                 64                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls25.avgRdBW                       6.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls25.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls25.avgRdBWSys                    6.89                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls25.avgWrBWSys                    0.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls25.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls25.busUtil                       0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls25.busUtilRead                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls25.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls25.totGap                   167470000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls25.avgGap                  8373500.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls25.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl25         1216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls25.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl25 6885071.398643369786                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls25.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl25           19                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls25.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl25            1                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls25.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl25       562500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls25.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl25     29605.26                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls25.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl25         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls25.pageHitRate                  20.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls25.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls25.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25.rank0.actEnergy             107100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank0.preEnergy              53130                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank0.readEnergy            135660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank0.actBackEnergy       29493510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank0.preBackEnergy       42983520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank0.totalEnergy         86295000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank0.averagePower      488.607925                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls25.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls25.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    111427515                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     59466485                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls24.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl24          832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls24.bytes_read::total              832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls24.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl24           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls24.num_reads::total                13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls24.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl24      4710838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls24.bw_read::total             4710838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls24.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl24      4710838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls24.bw_total::total            4710838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls24.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl24::samples        13.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls24.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls24.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls24.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls24.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls24.numStayReadState                70                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls24.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls24.readReqs                        13                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls24.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls24.readBursts                      13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls24.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls24.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls24.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls24.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::0              13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.avgRdQLen                     0.90                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls24.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls24.totQLat                     137500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls24.totBusLat                    65000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls24.totMemAccLat                381250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls24.avgQLat                   10576.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls24.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls24.avgMemAccLat              29326.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls24.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls24.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls24.readRowHits                      3                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls24.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls24.readRowHitRate               23.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls24.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls24.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.readPktSize::6                  13                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::0                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.bytesPerActivate::samples            9                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls24.bytesPerActivate::mean    85.333333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls24.bytesPerActivate::gmean    80.634947                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls24.bytesPerActivate::stdev           32                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls24.bytesPerActivate::64-79            6     66.67%     66.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls24.bytesPerActivate::128-143            3     33.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls24.bytesPerActivate::total            9                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls24.bytesReadDRAM                  832                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls24.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls24.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls24.bytesReadSys                   832                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls24.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls24.avgRdBW                       4.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls24.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls24.avgRdBWSys                    4.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls24.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls24.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls24.busUtil                       0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls24.busUtilRead                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls24.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls24.totGap                   157274000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls24.avgGap                 12098000.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls24.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl24          832                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls24.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl24 4710838.325387569144                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls24.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl24           13                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls24.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl24       381250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls24.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl24     29326.92                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls24.pageHitRate                  23.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls24.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls24.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24.rank0.actEnergy              71400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank0.preEnergy              34155                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank0.readEnergy             92820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank0.actBackEnergy       17699070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank0.preBackEnergy       52915680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank0.totalEnergy         84335205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank0.averagePower      477.511437                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls24.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls24.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    137369010                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     33524990                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls27.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl27         1344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls27.bytes_read::total             1344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls27.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl27           64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls27.bytes_written::total            64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls27.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl27           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls27.num_reads::total                21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls27.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl27            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls27.num_writes::total                1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls27.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl27      7609816                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls27.bw_read::total             7609816                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls27.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl27       362372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls27.bw_write::total             362372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls27.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl27      7972188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls27.bw_total::total            7972188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls27.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl27::samples        21.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls27.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls27.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls27.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls27.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls27.numStayReadState                85                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls27.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls27.readReqs                        21                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls27.writeReqs                        1                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls27.readBursts                      21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls27.writeBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls27.servicedByWrQ                    1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls27.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls27.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::0              20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.avgRdQLen                     0.92                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls27.avgWrQLen                     0.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls27.totQLat                     192500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls27.totBusLat                   100000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls27.totMemAccLat                567500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls27.avgQLat                    9625.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls27.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls27.avgMemAccLat              28375.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls27.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls27.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls27.readRowHits                      6                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls27.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls27.readRowHitRate               30.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls27.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls27.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.readPktSize::6                  21                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.writePktSize::6                  1                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::0                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.bytesPerActivate::samples           13                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls27.bytesPerActivate::mean    93.538462                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls27.bytesPerActivate::gmean    88.128605                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls27.bytesPerActivate::stdev    33.207969                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls27.bytesPerActivate::64-79            7     53.85%     53.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls27.bytesPerActivate::128-143            6     46.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls27.bytesPerActivate::total           13                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls27.bytesReadDRAM                 1280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls27.bytesReadWrQ                    64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls27.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls27.bytesReadSys                  1344                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls27.bytesWrittenSys                 64                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls27.avgRdBW                       7.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls27.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls27.avgRdBWSys                    7.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls27.avgWrBWSys                    0.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls27.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls27.busUtil                       0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls27.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls27.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls27.totGap                   161632000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls27.avgGap                  7346909.09                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls27.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl27         1280                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls27.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl27 7247443.577519336715                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls27.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl27           21                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls27.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl27            1                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls27.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl27       567500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls27.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl27     27023.81                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls27.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl27         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls27.pageHitRate                  28.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls27.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls27.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27.rank0.actEnergy              99960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank0.preEnergy              49335                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank0.readEnergy            142800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank0.actBackEnergy       31204650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank0.preBackEnergy       41542560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank0.totalEnergy         86561385                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank0.averagePower      490.116214                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls27.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls27.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    107691264                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     63202736                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls26.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl26         1344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls26.bytes_read::total             1344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls26.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl26           64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls26.bytes_written::total            64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls26.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl26           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls26.num_reads::total                21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls26.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl26            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls26.num_writes::total                1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls26.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl26      7609816                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls26.bw_read::total             7609816                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls26.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl26       362372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls26.bw_write::total             362372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls26.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl26      7972188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls26.bw_total::total            7972188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls26.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl26::samples        22.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls26.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls26.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls26.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls26.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls26.numStayReadState                87                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls26.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls26.readReqs                        21                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls26.writeReqs                        1                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls26.readBursts                      21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls26.writeBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls26.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls26.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls26.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::0              21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.avgRdQLen                     0.95                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls26.avgWrQLen                     0.18                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls26.totQLat                     192500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls26.totBusLat                   105000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls26.totMemAccLat                586250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls26.avgQLat                    9166.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls26.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls26.avgMemAccLat              27916.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls26.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls26.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls26.readRowHits                      7                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls26.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls26.readRowHitRate               33.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls26.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls26.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.readPktSize::6                  21                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.writePktSize::6                  1                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::0                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.bytesPerActivate::samples           13                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls26.bytesPerActivate::mean    98.461538                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls26.bytesPerActivate::gmean    88.930699                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls26.bytesPerActivate::stdev    49.680002                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls26.bytesPerActivate::64-79            8     61.54%     61.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls26.bytesPerActivate::128-143            3     23.08%     84.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls26.bytesPerActivate::192-207            2     15.38%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls26.bytesPerActivate::total           13                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls26.bytesReadDRAM                 1344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls26.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls26.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls26.bytesReadSys                  1344                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls26.bytesWrittenSys                 64                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls26.avgRdBW                       7.61                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls26.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls26.avgRdBWSys                    7.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls26.avgWrBWSys                    0.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls26.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls26.busUtil                       0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls26.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls26.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls26.totGap                   167647500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls26.avgGap                  7620340.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls26.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl26         1344                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls26.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl26 7609815.756395303644                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls26.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl26           21                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls26.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl26            1                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls26.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl26       586250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls26.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl26     27916.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls26.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl26         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls26.pageHitRate                  31.82                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls26.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls26.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26.rank0.actEnergy              99960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank0.preEnergy              49335                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank0.readEnergy            149940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank0.actBackEnergy       30381000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank0.preBackEnergy       42236160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank0.totalEnergy         86438475                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank0.averagePower      489.420289                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls26.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls26.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    109498514                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     61395486                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls21.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl21         1152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls21.bytes_read::total             1152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls21.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl21           64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls21.bytes_written::total            64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls21.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl21           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls21.num_reads::total                18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls21.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl21            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls21.num_writes::total                1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls21.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl21      6522699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls21.bw_read::total             6522699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls21.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl21       362372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls21.bw_write::total             362372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls21.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl21      6885071                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls21.bw_total::total            6885071                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls21.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl21::samples        18.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls21.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls21.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls21.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls21.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls21.numStayReadState                79                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls21.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls21.readReqs                        18                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls21.writeReqs                        1                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls21.readBursts                      18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls21.writeBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls21.servicedByWrQ                    1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls21.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls21.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::0              17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.avgRdQLen                     0.95                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls21.avgWrQLen                     0.74                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls21.totQLat                     178750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls21.totBusLat                    85000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls21.totMemAccLat                497500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls21.avgQLat                   10514.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls21.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls21.avgMemAccLat              29264.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls21.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls21.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls21.readRowHits                      4                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls21.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls21.readRowHitRate               23.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls21.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls21.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.readPktSize::6                  18                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.writePktSize::6                  1                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::0                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.bytesPerActivate::samples           12                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls21.bytesPerActivate::mean    85.333333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls21.bytesPerActivate::gmean    80.634947                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls21.bytesPerActivate::stdev    31.511422                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls21.bytesPerActivate::64-79            8     66.67%     66.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls21.bytesPerActivate::128-143            4     33.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls21.bytesPerActivate::total           12                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls21.bytesReadDRAM                 1088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls21.bytesReadWrQ                    64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls21.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls21.bytesReadSys                  1152                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls21.bytesWrittenSys                 64                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls21.avgRdBW                       6.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls21.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls21.avgRdBWSys                    6.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls21.avgWrBWSys                    0.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls21.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls21.busUtil                       0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls21.busUtilRead                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls21.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls21.totGap                   166190000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls21.avgGap                  8746842.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls21.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl21         1088                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls21.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl21 6160327.040891435929                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls21.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl21           18                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls21.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl21            1                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls21.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl21       497500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls21.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl21     27638.89                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls21.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl21         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls21.pageHitRate                  22.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls21.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls21.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21.rank0.actEnergy              92820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank0.preEnergy              45540                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank0.readEnergy            121380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank0.actBackEnergy       27468870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank0.preBackEnergy       44688480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank0.totalEnergy         85939170                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank0.averagePower      486.593192                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls21.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls21.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    115900762                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     54993238                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls20.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl20         1152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls20.bytes_read::total             1152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls20.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl20           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls20.num_reads::total                18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls20.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl20      6522699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls20.bw_read::total             6522699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls20.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl20      6522699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls20.bw_total::total            6522699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls20.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl20::samples        18.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls20.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls20.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000531998                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls20.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls20.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls20.numStayReadState                80                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls20.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls20.readReqs                        18                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls20.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls20.readBursts                      18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls20.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls20.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls20.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls20.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::0              18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.avgRdQLen                     0.89                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls20.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls20.totQLat                     442249                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls20.totBusLat                    90000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls20.totMemAccLat                779749                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls20.avgQLat                   24569.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls20.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls20.avgMemAccLat              43319.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls20.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls20.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls20.readRowHits                      4                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls20.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls20.readRowHitRate               22.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls20.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls20.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.readPktSize::6                  18                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::0                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.bytesPerActivate::samples           13                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls20.bytesPerActivate::mean    83.692308                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls20.bytesPerActivate::gmean    79.214482                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls20.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.744606                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls20.bytesPerActivate::64-79            9     69.23%     69.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls20.bytesPerActivate::128-143            4     30.77%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls20.bytesPerActivate::total           13                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls20.bytesReadDRAM                 1152                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls20.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls20.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls20.bytesReadSys                  1152                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls20.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls20.avgRdBW                       6.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls20.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls20.avgRdBWSys                    6.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls20.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls20.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls20.busUtil                       0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls20.busUtilRead                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls20.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls20.totGap                   156182500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls20.avgGap                  8676805.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls20.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl20         1152                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls20.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl20 6522699.219767402858                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls20.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl20           18                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls20.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl20       779749                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls20.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl20     43319.39                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls20.pageHitRate                  22.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls20.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls20.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20.rank0.actEnergy              99960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank0.preEnergy              49335                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank0.readEnergy            128520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank0.actBackEnergy       26499870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank0.preBackEnergy       45504480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank0.totalEnergy         85804245                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank0.averagePower      485.829238                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls20.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls20.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    118008513                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     52885487                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls23.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl23          832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls23.bytes_read::total              832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls23.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl23           64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls23.bytes_written::total            64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls23.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl23           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls23.num_reads::total                13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls23.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl23            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls23.num_writes::total                1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls23.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl23      4710838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls23.bw_read::total             4710838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls23.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl23       362372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls23.bw_write::total             362372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls23.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl23      5073211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls23.bw_total::total            5073211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls23.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl23::samples        14.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls23.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls23.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls23.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls23.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls23.numStayReadState                71                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls23.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls23.readReqs                        13                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls23.writeReqs                        1                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls23.readBursts                      13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls23.writeBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls23.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls23.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls23.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::0              13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.avgRdQLen                     0.95                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls23.avgWrQLen                     0.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls23.totQLat                     137500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls23.totBusLat                    65000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls23.totMemAccLat                381250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls23.avgQLat                   10576.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls23.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls23.avgMemAccLat              29326.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls23.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls23.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls23.readRowHits                      3                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls23.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls23.readRowHitRate               23.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls23.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls23.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.readPktSize::6                  13                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.writePktSize::6                  1                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::0                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.bytesPerActivate::samples            9                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls23.bytesPerActivate::mean    85.333333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls23.bytesPerActivate::gmean    80.634947                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls23.bytesPerActivate::stdev           32                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls23.bytesPerActivate::64-79            6     66.67%     66.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls23.bytesPerActivate::128-143            3     33.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls23.bytesPerActivate::total            9                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls23.bytesReadDRAM                  832                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls23.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls23.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls23.bytesReadSys                   832                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls23.bytesWrittenSys                 64                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls23.avgRdBW                       4.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls23.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls23.avgRdBWSys                    4.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls23.avgWrBWSys                    0.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls23.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls23.busUtil                       0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls23.busUtilRead                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls23.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls23.totGap                   166358500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls23.avgGap                 11882750.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls23.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl23          832                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls23.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl23 4710838.325387569144                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls23.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl23           13                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls23.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl23            1                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls23.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl23       381250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls23.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl23     29326.92                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls23.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl23         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls23.pageHitRate                  21.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls23.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls23.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23.rank0.actEnergy              71400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank0.preEnergy              34155                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank0.readEnergy             92820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank0.actBackEnergy       20040630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank0.preBackEnergy       50943840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank0.totalEnergy         84704925                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank0.averagePower      479.604816                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls23.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls23.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    132232260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     38661740                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls22.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl22          896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls22.bytes_read::total              896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls22.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl22           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls22.num_reads::total                14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls22.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl22      5073211                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls22.bw_read::total             5073211                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls22.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl22      5073211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls22.bw_total::total            5073211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls22.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl22::samples        14.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls22.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls22.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000352998                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls22.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls22.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls22.numStayReadState                72                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls22.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls22.readReqs                        14                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls22.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls22.readBursts                      14                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls22.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls22.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls22.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls22.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::0              14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.avgRdQLen                     0.89                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls22.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls22.totQLat                     311499                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls22.totBusLat                    70000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls22.totMemAccLat                573999                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls22.avgQLat                   22249.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls22.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls22.avgMemAccLat              40999.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls22.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls22.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls22.readRowHits                      3                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls22.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls22.readRowHitRate               21.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls22.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls22.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.readPktSize::6                  14                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::0                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.bytesPerActivate::samples           10                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls22.bytesPerActivate::mean    83.200000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls22.bytesPerActivate::gmean    78.793242                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls22.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.914937                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls22.bytesPerActivate::64-79            7     70.00%     70.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls22.bytesPerActivate::128-143            3     30.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls22.bytesPerActivate::total           10                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls22.bytesReadDRAM                  896                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls22.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls22.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls22.bytesReadSys                   896                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls22.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls22.avgRdBW                       5.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls22.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls22.avgRdBWSys                    5.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls22.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls22.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls22.busUtil                       0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls22.busUtilRead                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls22.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls22.totGap                   156514500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls22.avgGap                 11179607.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls22.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl22          896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls22.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl22 5073210.504263535142                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls22.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl22           14                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls22.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl22       573999                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls22.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl22     40999.93                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls22.pageHitRate                  21.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls22.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls22.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22.rank0.actEnergy              78540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank0.preEnergy              37950                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank0.readEnergy             99960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank0.actBackEnergy       24458130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank0.preBackEnergy       47223840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank0.totalEnergy         85420500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank0.averagePower      483.656449                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls22.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls22.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    122530010                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     48363990                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu8.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu8.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu9.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu9.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls32.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl32         1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls32.bytes_read::total             1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls32.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl32           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls32.num_reads::total                19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls32.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl32      6885071                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls32.bw_read::total             6885071                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls32.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl32      6885071                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls32.bw_total::total            6885071                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls32.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl32::samples        19.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls32.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls32.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls32.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls32.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls32.numStayReadState                82                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls32.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls32.readReqs                        19                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls32.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls32.readBursts                      19                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls32.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls32.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls32.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls32.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::0              19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.avgRdQLen                     0.91                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls32.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls32.totQLat                     206250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls32.totBusLat                    95000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls32.totMemAccLat                562500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls32.avgQLat                   10855.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls32.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls32.avgMemAccLat              29605.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls32.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls32.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls32.readRowHits                      4                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls32.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls32.readRowHitRate               21.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls32.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls32.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.readPktSize::6                  19                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::0                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.bytesPerActivate::samples           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls32.bytesPerActivate::mean    81.066667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls32.bytesPerActivate::gmean    75.531027                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls32.bytesPerActivate::stdev    37.991478                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls32.bytesPerActivate::64-79           12     80.00%     80.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls32.bytesPerActivate::128-143            2     13.33%     93.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls32.bytesPerActivate::192-207            1      6.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls32.bytesPerActivate::total           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls32.bytesReadDRAM                 1216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls32.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls32.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls32.bytesReadSys                  1216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls32.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls32.avgRdBW                       6.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls32.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls32.avgRdBWSys                    6.89                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls32.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls32.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls32.busUtil                       0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls32.busUtilRead                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls32.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls32.totGap                   149307500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls32.avgGap                  7858289.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls32.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl32         1216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls32.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl32 6885071.398643369786                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls32.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl32           19                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls32.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl32       562500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls32.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl32     29605.26                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls32.pageHitRate                  21.05                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls32.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls32.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32.rank0.actEnergy             107100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank0.preEnergy              56925                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank0.readEnergy            135660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank0.actBackEnergy       32730540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank0.preBackEnergy       40257600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank0.totalEnergy         86809905                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank0.averagePower      491.523350                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls32.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls32.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    104316765                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     66577235                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls33.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl33         1152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls33.bytes_read::total             1152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls33.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl33           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls33.num_reads::total                18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls33.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl33      6522699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls33.bw_read::total             6522699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls33.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl33      6522699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls33.bw_total::total            6522699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls33.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl33::samples        18.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls33.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls33.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000460998                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls33.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls33.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls33.numStayReadState                80                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls33.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls33.readReqs                        18                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls33.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls33.readBursts                      18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls33.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls33.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls33.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls33.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::0              18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.avgRdQLen                     0.92                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls33.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls33.totQLat                     423498                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls33.totBusLat                    90000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls33.totMemAccLat                760998                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls33.avgQLat                   23527.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls33.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls33.avgMemAccLat              42277.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls33.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls33.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls33.readRowHits                      3                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls33.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls33.readRowHitRate               16.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls33.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls33.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.readPktSize::6                  18                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::0                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.bytesPerActivate::samples           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls33.bytesPerActivate::mean    76.800000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls33.bytesPerActivate::gmean    73.516695                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls33.bytesPerActivate::stdev    26.498517                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls33.bytesPerActivate::64-79           12     80.00%     80.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls33.bytesPerActivate::128-143            3     20.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls33.bytesPerActivate::total           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls33.bytesReadDRAM                 1152                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls33.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls33.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls33.bytesReadSys                  1152                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls33.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls33.avgRdBW                       6.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls33.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls33.avgRdBWSys                    6.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls33.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls33.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls33.busUtil                       0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls33.busUtilRead                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls33.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls33.totGap                   149779500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls33.avgGap                  8321083.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls33.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl33         1152                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls33.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl33 6522699.219767402858                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls33.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl33           18                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls33.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl33       760998                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls33.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl33     42277.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls33.pageHitRate                  16.67                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls33.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls33.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33.rank0.actEnergy             107100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank0.preEnergy              56925                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank0.readEnergy            128520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank0.actBackEnergy       34414890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank0.preBackEnergy       38839200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank0.totalEnergy         87068715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank0.averagePower      492.988749                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls33.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls33.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    100625763                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     70268237                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls30.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl30         1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls30.bytes_read::total             1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls30.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl30           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls30.num_reads::total                19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls30.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl30      6885071                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls30.bw_read::total             6885071                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls30.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl30      6885071                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls30.bw_total::total            6885071                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls30.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl30::samples        19.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls30.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls30.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls30.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls30.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls30.numStayReadState                82                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls30.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls30.readReqs                        19                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls30.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls30.readBursts                      19                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls30.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls30.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls30.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls30.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::0              19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.avgRdQLen                     0.94                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls30.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls30.totQLat                     165000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls30.totBusLat                    95000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls30.totMemAccLat                521250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls30.avgQLat                    8684.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls30.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls30.avgMemAccLat              27434.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls30.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls30.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls30.readRowHits                      7                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls30.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls30.readRowHitRate               36.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls30.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls30.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.readPktSize::6                  19                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::0                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.bytesPerActivate::samples           12                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls30.bytesPerActivate::mean   101.333333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls30.bytesPerActivate::gmean    93.620131                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls30.bytesPerActivate::stdev    42.787707                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls30.bytesPerActivate::64-79            6     50.00%     50.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls30.bytesPerActivate::128-143            5     41.67%     91.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls30.bytesPerActivate::192-207            1      8.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls30.bytesPerActivate::total           12                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls30.bytesReadDRAM                 1216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls30.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls30.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls30.bytesReadSys                  1216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls30.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls30.avgRdBW                       6.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls30.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls30.avgRdBWSys                    6.89                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls30.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls30.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls30.busUtil                       0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls30.busUtilRead                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls30.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls30.totGap                   152576500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls30.avgGap                  8030342.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls30.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl30         1216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls30.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl30 6885071.398643369786                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls30.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl30           19                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls30.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl30       521250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls30.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl30     27434.21                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls30.pageHitRate                  36.84                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls30.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls30.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30.rank0.actEnergy              85680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank0.preEnergy              45540                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank0.readEnergy            135660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank0.actBackEnergy       34640040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank0.preBackEnergy       38649600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank0.totalEnergy         87078600                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank0.averagePower      493.044719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls30.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls30.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    100171762                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     70722238                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls31.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl31          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls31.bytes_read::total              768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls31.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl31           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls31.num_reads::total                12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls31.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl31      4348466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls31.bw_read::total             4348466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls31.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl31      4348466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls31.bw_total::total            4348466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls31.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl31::samples        12.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls31.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls31.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls31.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls31.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls31.numStayReadState                68                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls31.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls31.readReqs                        12                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls31.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls31.readBursts                      12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls31.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls31.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls31.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls31.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::0              12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.avgRdQLen                     0.94                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls31.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls31.totQLat                     151250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls31.totBusLat                    60000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls31.totMemAccLat                376250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls31.avgQLat                   12604.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls31.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls31.avgMemAccLat              31354.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls31.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls31.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls31.readRowHits                      1                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls31.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls31.readRowHitRate                8.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls31.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls31.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.readPktSize::6                  12                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::0                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.bytesPerActivate::samples           11                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls31.bytesPerActivate::mean    69.818182                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls31.bytesPerActivate::gmean    68.162630                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls31.bytesPerActivate::stdev    19.296726                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls31.bytesPerActivate::64-79           10     90.91%     90.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls31.bytesPerActivate::128-143            1      9.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls31.bytesPerActivate::total           11                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls31.bytesReadDRAM                  768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls31.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls31.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls31.bytesReadSys                   768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls31.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls31.avgRdBW                       4.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls31.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls31.avgRdBWSys                    4.35                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls31.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls31.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls31.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls31.busUtilRead                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls31.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls31.totGap                   153253500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls31.avgGap                 12771125.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls31.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl31          768                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls31.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl31 4348466.146511602215                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls31.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl31           12                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls31.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl31       376250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls31.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl31     31354.17                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls31.pageHitRate                   8.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls31.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls31.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31.rank0.actEnergy              78540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank0.preEnergy              41745                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank0.readEnergy             85680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank0.actBackEnergy       25743480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank0.preBackEnergy       46141440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank0.totalEnergy         85612965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank0.averagePower      484.746198                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls31.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls31.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    119697761                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     51196239                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls36.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl36         1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls36.bytes_read::total             1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls36.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl36           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls36.num_reads::total                19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls36.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl36      6885071                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls36.bw_read::total             6885071                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls36.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl36      6885071                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls36.bw_total::total            6885071                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls36.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl36::samples        19.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls36.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls36.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls36.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls36.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls36.numStayReadState                82                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls36.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls36.readReqs                        19                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls36.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls36.readBursts                      19                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls36.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls36.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls36.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls36.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::0              19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.avgRdQLen                     0.98                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls36.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls36.totQLat                     206250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls36.totBusLat                    95000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls36.totMemAccLat                562500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls36.avgQLat                   10855.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls36.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls36.avgMemAccLat              29605.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls36.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls36.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls36.readRowHits                      4                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls36.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls36.readRowHitRate               21.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls36.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls36.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.readPktSize::6                  19                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::0                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.bytesPerActivate::samples           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls36.bytesPerActivate::mean    81.066667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls36.bytesPerActivate::gmean    76.993602                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls36.bytesPerActivate::stdev    29.295213                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls36.bytesPerActivate::64-79           11     73.33%     73.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls36.bytesPerActivate::128-143            4     26.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls36.bytesPerActivate::total           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls36.bytesReadDRAM                 1216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls36.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls36.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls36.bytesReadSys                  1216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls36.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls36.avgRdBW                       6.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls36.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls36.avgRdBWSys                    6.89                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls36.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls36.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls36.busUtil                       0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls36.busUtilRead                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls36.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls36.totGap                   161041500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls36.avgGap                  8475868.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls36.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl36         1216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls36.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl36 6885071.398643369786                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls36.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl36           19                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls36.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl36       562500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls36.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl36     29605.26                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls36.pageHitRate                  21.05                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls36.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls36.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36.rank0.actEnergy             107100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank0.preEnergy              56925                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank0.readEnergy            135660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank0.actBackEnergy       30940740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank0.preBackEnergy       41764800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank0.totalEnergy         86527305                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank0.averagePower      489.923251                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls36.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls36.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    108242015                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     62651985                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls37.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl37         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls37.bytes_read::total             1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls37.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl37           20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls37.num_reads::total                20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls37.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl37      7247444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls37.bw_read::total             7247444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls37.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl37      7247444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls37.bw_total::total            7247444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls37.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl37::samples        20.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls37.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls37.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls37.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls37.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls37.numStayReadState                84                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls37.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls37.readReqs                        20                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls37.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls37.readBursts                      20                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls37.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls37.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls37.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls37.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::0              20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.avgRdQLen                     0.94                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls37.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls37.totQLat                     192500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls37.totBusLat                   100000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls37.totMemAccLat                567500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls37.avgQLat                    9625.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls37.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls37.avgMemAccLat              28375.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls37.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls37.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls37.readRowHits                      6                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls37.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls37.readRowHitRate               30.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls37.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls37.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.readPktSize::6                  20                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::0                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.bytesPerActivate::samples           14                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls37.bytesPerActivate::mean    91.428571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls37.bytesPerActivate::gmean    82.669334                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls37.bytesPerActivate::stdev    48.379453                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls37.bytesPerActivate::64-79           10     71.43%     71.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls37.bytesPerActivate::128-143            2     14.29%     85.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls37.bytesPerActivate::192-207            2     14.29%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls37.bytesPerActivate::total           14                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls37.bytesReadDRAM                 1280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls37.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls37.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls37.bytesReadSys                  1280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls37.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls37.avgRdBW                       7.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls37.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls37.avgRdBWSys                    7.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls37.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls37.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls37.busUtil                       0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls37.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls37.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls37.totGap                   154824500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls37.avgGap                  7741225.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls37.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl37         1280                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls37.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl37 7247443.577519336715                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls37.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl37           20                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls37.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl37       567500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls37.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl37     28375.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls37.pageHitRate                  30.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls37.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls37.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37.rank0.actEnergy              99960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank0.preEnergy              53130                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank0.readEnergy            142800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank0.actBackEnergy       35074950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank0.preBackEnergy       38283360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank0.totalEnergy         87176280                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank0.averagePower      493.597790                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls37.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls37.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     99190264                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     71703736                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu49.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu49.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu49.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu49.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu49.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu48.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu48.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu48.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu48.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu48.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu47.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu47.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu47.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu47.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu47.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu46.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu46.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu46.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu46.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu46.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu45.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu45.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu45.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu45.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu45.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu44.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu44.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu44.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu44.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu44.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu42.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu42.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu42.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu42.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu42.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu41.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu41.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu41.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu41.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu41.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu40.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu40.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu40.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu40.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu40.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls47.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl47         1152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls47.bytes_read::total             1152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls47.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl47           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls47.num_reads::total                18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls47.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl47      6522699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls47.bw_read::total             6522699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls47.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl47      6522699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls47.bw_total::total            6522699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls47.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl47::samples        18.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls47.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls47.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls47.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls47.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls47.numStayReadState                80                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls47.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls47.readReqs                        18                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls47.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls47.readBursts                      18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls47.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls47.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls47.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls47.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::0              18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.avgRdQLen                     0.97                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls47.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls47.totQLat                     165000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls47.totBusLat                    90000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls47.totMemAccLat                502500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls47.avgQLat                    9166.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls47.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls47.avgMemAccLat              27916.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls47.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls47.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls47.readRowHits                      6                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls47.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls47.readRowHitRate               33.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls47.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls47.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.readPktSize::6                  18                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::0                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.bytesPerActivate::samples           12                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls47.bytesPerActivate::mean           96                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls47.bytesPerActivate::gmean    88.365637                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls47.bytesPerActivate::stdev    43.148791                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls47.bytesPerActivate::64-79            7     58.33%     58.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls47.bytesPerActivate::128-143            4     33.33%     91.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls47.bytesPerActivate::192-207            1      8.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls47.bytesPerActivate::total           12                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls47.bytesReadDRAM                 1152                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls47.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls47.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls47.bytesReadSys                  1152                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls47.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls47.avgRdBW                       6.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls47.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls47.avgRdBWSys                    6.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls47.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls47.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls47.busUtil                       0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls47.busUtilRead                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls47.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls47.totGap                   163124000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls47.avgGap                  9062444.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls47.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl47         1152                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls47.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl47 6522699.219767402858                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls47.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl47           18                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls47.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl47       502500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls47.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl47     27916.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls47.pageHitRate                  33.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls47.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls47.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47.rank0.actEnergy              85680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank0.preEnergy              45540                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank0.readEnergy            128520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank0.actBackEnergy       25186020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank0.preBackEnergy       46610880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank0.totalEnergy         85578720                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank0.averagePower      484.552300                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls47.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls47.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    120907512                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     49986488                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls46.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl46         1344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls46.bytes_read::total             1344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls46.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl46           64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls46.bytes_written::total            64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls46.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl46           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls46.num_reads::total                21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls46.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl46            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls46.num_writes::total                1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls46.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl46      7609816                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls46.bw_read::total             7609816                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls46.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl46       362372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls46.bw_write::total             362372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls46.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl46      7972188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls46.bw_total::total            7972188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls46.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl46::samples        21.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls46.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls46.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls46.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls46.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls46.numStayReadState                85                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls46.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls46.readReqs                        21                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls46.writeReqs                        1                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls46.readBursts                      21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls46.writeBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls46.servicedByWrQ                    1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls46.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls46.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::0              20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.avgRdQLen                     0.99                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls46.avgWrQLen                     0.74                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls46.totQLat                     192500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls46.totBusLat                   100000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls46.totMemAccLat                567500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls46.avgQLat                    9625.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls46.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls46.avgMemAccLat              28375.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls46.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls46.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls46.readRowHits                      6                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls46.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls46.readRowHitRate               30.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls46.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls46.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.readPktSize::6                  21                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.writePktSize::6                  1                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::0                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.bytesPerActivate::samples           14                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls46.bytesPerActivate::mean    91.428571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls46.bytesPerActivate::gmean    84.385657                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls46.bytesPerActivate::stdev    41.357195                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls46.bytesPerActivate::64-79            9     64.29%     64.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls46.bytesPerActivate::128-143            4     28.57%     92.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls46.bytesPerActivate::192-207            1      7.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls46.bytesPerActivate::total           14                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls46.bytesReadDRAM                 1280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls46.bytesReadWrQ                    64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls46.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls46.bytesReadSys                  1344                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls46.bytesWrittenSys                 64                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls46.avgRdBW                       7.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls46.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls46.avgRdBWSys                    7.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls46.avgWrBWSys                    0.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls46.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls46.busUtil                       0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls46.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls46.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls46.totGap                   165610000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls46.avgGap                  7527727.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls46.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl46         1280                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls46.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl46 7247443.577519336715                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls46.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl46           21                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls46.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl46            1                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls46.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl46       567500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls46.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl46     27023.81                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls46.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl46         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls46.pageHitRate                  28.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls46.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls46.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46.rank0.actEnergy              99960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank0.preEnergy              53130                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank0.readEnergy            142800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank0.actBackEnergy       30229380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank0.preBackEnergy       42363840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank0.totalEnergy         86411190                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank0.averagePower      489.265800                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls46.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls46.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    109813764                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     61080236                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus47.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus47.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus47.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus47.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus46.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus46.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus46.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus46.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus45.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus45.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus45.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus45.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus44.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus44.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus44.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus44.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus43.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus43.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus43.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus43.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus42.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus42.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus42.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus42.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus41.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus41.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus41.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus41.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus40.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus40.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus40.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus40.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus49.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus49.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus49.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus49.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus48.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus48.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus48.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus48.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu58.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu58.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu58.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu58.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu58.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu59.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu59.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu59.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu59.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu59.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls45.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl45         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls45.bytes_read::total             1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls45.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl45           64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls45.bytes_written::total            64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls45.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl45           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls45.num_reads::total                22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls45.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl45            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls45.num_writes::total                1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls45.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl45      7972188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls45.bw_read::total             7972188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls45.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl45       362372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls45.bw_write::total             362372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls45.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl45      8334560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls45.bw_total::total            8334560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls45.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl45::samples        22.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls45.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls45.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls45.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls45.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls45.numStayReadState                87                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls45.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls45.readReqs                        22                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls45.writeReqs                        1                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls45.readBursts                      22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls45.writeBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls45.servicedByWrQ                    1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls45.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls45.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::0              21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.avgRdQLen                     0.99                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls45.avgWrQLen                     0.81                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls45.totQLat                     151250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls45.totBusLat                   105000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls45.totMemAccLat                545000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls45.avgQLat                    7202.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls45.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls45.avgMemAccLat              25952.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls45.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls45.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls45.readRowHits                     10                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls45.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls45.readRowHitRate               47.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls45.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls45.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.readPktSize::6                  22                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.writePktSize::6                  1                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::0                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.bytesPerActivate::samples           11                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls45.bytesPerActivate::mean   122.181818                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls45.bytesPerActivate::gmean   101.520680                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls45.bytesPerActivate::stdev    88.006611                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls45.bytesPerActivate::64-95            6     54.55%     54.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls45.bytesPerActivate::128-159            3     27.27%     81.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls45.bytesPerActivate::256-287            1      9.09%     90.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls45.bytesPerActivate::320-351            1      9.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls45.bytesPerActivate::total           11                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls45.bytesReadDRAM                 1344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls45.bytesReadWrQ                    64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls45.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls45.bytesReadSys                  1408                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls45.bytesWrittenSys                 64                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls45.avgRdBW                       7.61                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls45.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls45.avgRdBWSys                    7.97                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls45.avgWrBWSys                    0.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls45.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls45.busUtil                       0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls45.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls45.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls45.totGap                   165166500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls45.avgGap                  7181152.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls45.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl45         1344                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls45.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl45 7609815.756395303644                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls45.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl45           22                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls45.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl45            1                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls45.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl45       545000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls45.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl45     24772.73                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls45.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl45         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls45.pageHitRate                  45.45                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls45.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls45.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45.rank0.actEnergy              78540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank0.preEnergy              41745                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank0.readEnergy            149940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank0.actBackEnergy       24893040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank0.preBackEnergy       46857600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank0.totalEnergy         85542945                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank0.averagePower      484.349740                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls45.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls45.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    121562511                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     49331489                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls44.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl44         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls44.bytes_read::total             1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls44.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl44           20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls44.num_reads::total                20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls44.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl44      7247444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls44.bw_read::total             7247444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls44.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl44      7247444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls44.bw_total::total            7247444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls44.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl44::samples        20.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls44.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls44.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000438498                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls44.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls44.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls44.numStayReadState                84                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls44.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls44.readReqs                        20                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls44.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls44.readBursts                      20                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls44.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls44.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls44.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls44.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::0              20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.avgRdQLen                     0.98                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls44.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls44.totQLat                     381749                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls44.totBusLat                   100000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls44.totMemAccLat                756749                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls44.avgQLat                   19087.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls44.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls44.avgMemAccLat              37837.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls44.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls44.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls44.readRowHits                      7                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls44.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls44.readRowHitRate               35.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls44.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls44.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.readPktSize::6                  20                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::0                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.bytesPerActivate::samples           13                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls44.bytesPerActivate::mean    98.461538                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls44.bytesPerActivate::gmean    88.930699                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls44.bytesPerActivate::stdev    49.680002                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls44.bytesPerActivate::64-79            8     61.54%     61.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls44.bytesPerActivate::128-143            3     23.08%     84.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls44.bytesPerActivate::192-207            2     15.38%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls44.bytesPerActivate::total           13                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls44.bytesReadDRAM                 1280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls44.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls44.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls44.bytesReadSys                  1280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls44.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls44.avgRdBW                       7.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls44.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls44.avgRdBWSys                    7.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls44.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls44.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls44.busUtil                       0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls44.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls44.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls44.totGap                   163789000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls44.avgGap                  8189450.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls44.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl44         1280                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls44.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl44 7247443.577519336715                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls44.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl44           20                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls44.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl44       756749                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls44.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl44     37837.45                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls44.pageHitRate                  35.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls44.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls44.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44.rank0.actEnergy              92820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank0.preEnergy              49335                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank0.readEnergy            142800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank0.actBackEnergy       31006860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank0.preBackEnergy       41709120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank0.totalEnergy         86523015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank0.averagePower      489.898960                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls44.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls44.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    108127012                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     62766988                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls43.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl43         1344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls43.bytes_read::total             1344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls43.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl43           64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls43.bytes_written::total            64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls43.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl43           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls43.num_reads::total                21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls43.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl43            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls43.num_writes::total                1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls43.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl43      7609816                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls43.bw_read::total             7609816                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls43.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl43       362372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls43.bw_write::total             362372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls43.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl43      7972188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls43.bw_total::total            7972188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls43.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl43::samples        21.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls43.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls43.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls43.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls43.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls43.numStayReadState                85                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls43.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls43.readReqs                        21                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls43.writeReqs                        1                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls43.readBursts                      21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls43.writeBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls43.servicedByWrQ                    1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls43.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls43.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::0              20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.avgRdQLen                     0.99                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls43.avgWrQLen                     0.82                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls43.totQLat                     151250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls43.totBusLat                   100000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls43.totMemAccLat                526250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls43.avgQLat                    7562.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls43.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls43.avgMemAccLat              26312.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls43.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls43.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls43.readRowHits                      9                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls43.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls43.readRowHitRate               45.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls43.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls43.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.readPktSize::6                  21                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.writePktSize::6                  1                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::0                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.bytesPerActivate::samples           11                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls43.bytesPerActivate::mean   116.363636                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls43.bytesPerActivate::gmean   107.093006                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls43.bytesPerActivate::stdev    48.048460                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls43.bytesPerActivate::64-79            4     36.36%     36.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls43.bytesPerActivate::128-143            5     45.45%     81.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls43.bytesPerActivate::192-207            2     18.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls43.bytesPerActivate::total           11                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls43.bytesReadDRAM                 1280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls43.bytesReadWrQ                    64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls43.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls43.bytesReadSys                  1344                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls43.bytesWrittenSys                 64                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls43.avgRdBW                       7.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls43.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls43.avgRdBWSys                    7.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls43.avgWrBWSys                    0.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls43.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls43.busUtil                       0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls43.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls43.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls43.totGap                   164716500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls43.avgGap                  7487113.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls43.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl43         1280                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls43.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl43 7247443.577519336715                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls43.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl43           21                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls43.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl43            1                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls43.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl43       526250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls43.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl43     25059.52                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls43.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl43         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls43.pageHitRate                  42.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls43.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls43.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43.rank0.actEnergy              78540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank0.preEnergy              41745                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank0.readEnergy            142800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank0.actBackEnergy       27576600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank0.preBackEnergy       44597760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank0.totalEnergy         85959525                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank0.averagePower      486.708443                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls43.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls43.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    115678011                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     55215989                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls42.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl42         1152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls42.bytes_read::total             1152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls42.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl42           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls42.num_reads::total                18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls42.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl42      6522699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls42.bw_read::total             6522699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls42.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl42      6522699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls42.bw_total::total            6522699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls42.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl42::samples        18.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls42.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls42.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls42.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls42.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls42.numStayReadState                80                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls42.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls42.readReqs                        18                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls42.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls42.readBursts                      18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls42.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls42.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls42.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls42.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::0              18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.avgRdQLen                     0.99                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls42.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls42.totQLat                     165000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls42.totBusLat                    90000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls42.totMemAccLat                502500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls42.avgQLat                    9166.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls42.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls42.avgMemAccLat              27916.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls42.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls42.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls42.readRowHits                      6                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls42.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls42.readRowHitRate               33.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls42.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls42.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.readPktSize::6                  18                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::0                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.bytesPerActivate::samples           12                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls42.bytesPerActivate::mean           96                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls42.bytesPerActivate::gmean    88.365637                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls42.bytesPerActivate::stdev    43.148791                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls42.bytesPerActivate::64-79            7     58.33%     58.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls42.bytesPerActivate::128-143            4     33.33%     91.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls42.bytesPerActivate::192-207            1      8.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls42.bytesPerActivate::total           12                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls42.bytesReadDRAM                 1152                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls42.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls42.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls42.bytesReadSys                  1152                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls42.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls42.avgRdBW                       6.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls42.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls42.avgRdBWSys                    6.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls42.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls42.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls42.busUtil                       0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls42.busUtilRead                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls42.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls42.totGap                   165212000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls42.avgGap                  9178444.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls42.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl42         1152                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls42.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl42 6522699.219767402858                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls42.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl42           18                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls42.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl42       502500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls42.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl42     27916.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls42.pageHitRate                  33.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls42.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls42.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42.rank0.actEnergy              85680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank0.preEnergy              45540                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank0.readEnergy            128520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank0.actBackEnergy       26817360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank0.preBackEnergy       45237120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank0.totalEnergy         85836300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank0.averagePower      486.010735                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls42.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls42.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    117327762                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     53566238                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls41.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl41         1152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls41.bytes_read::total             1152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls41.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl41           64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls41.bytes_written::total            64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls41.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl41           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls41.num_reads::total                18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls41.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl41            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls41.num_writes::total                1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls41.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl41      6522699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls41.bw_read::total             6522699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls41.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl41       362372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls41.bw_write::total             362372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls41.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl41      6885071                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls41.bw_total::total            6885071                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls41.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl41::samples        19.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls41.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls41.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls41.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls41.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls41.numStayReadState                81                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls41.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls41.readReqs                        18                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls41.writeReqs                        1                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls41.readBursts                      18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls41.writeBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls41.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls41.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls41.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::0              18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.avgRdQLen                     0.99                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls41.avgWrQLen                     0.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls41.totQLat                     192500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls41.totBusLat                    90000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls41.totMemAccLat                530000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls41.avgQLat                   10694.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls41.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls41.avgMemAccLat              29444.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls41.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls41.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls41.readRowHits                      4                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls41.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls41.readRowHitRate               22.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls41.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls41.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.readPktSize::6                  18                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.writePktSize::6                  1                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::0                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.bytesPerActivate::samples           14                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls41.bytesPerActivate::mean    82.285714                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls41.bytesPerActivate::gmean    76.430086                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls41.bytesPerActivate::stdev    39.119990                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls41.bytesPerActivate::64-79           11     78.57%     78.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls41.bytesPerActivate::128-143            2     14.29%     92.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls41.bytesPerActivate::192-207            1      7.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls41.bytesPerActivate::total           14                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls41.bytesReadDRAM                 1152                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls41.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls41.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls41.bytesReadSys                  1152                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls41.bytesWrittenSys                 64                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls41.avgRdBW                       6.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls41.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls41.avgRdBWSys                    6.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls41.avgWrBWSys                    0.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls41.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls41.busUtil                       0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls41.busUtilRead                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls41.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls41.totGap                   164983000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls41.avgGap                  8683315.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls41.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl41         1152                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls41.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl41 6522699.219767402858                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls41.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl41           18                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls41.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl41            1                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls41.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl41       530000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls41.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl41     29444.44                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls41.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl41         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls41.pageHitRate                  21.05                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls41.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls41.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41.rank0.actEnergy              99960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank0.preEnergy              53130                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank0.readEnergy            128520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank0.actBackEnergy       33822090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank0.preBackEnergy       39338400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank0.totalEnergy         86964180                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank0.averagePower      492.396865                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls41.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls41.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    101938514                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     68955486                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls40.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl40         1152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls40.bytes_read::total             1152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls40.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl40           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls40.num_reads::total                18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls40.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl40      6522699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls40.bw_read::total             6522699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls40.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl40      6522699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls40.bw_total::total            6522699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls40.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl40::samples        18.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls40.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls40.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls40.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls40.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls40.numStayReadState                80                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls40.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls40.readReqs                        18                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls40.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls40.readBursts                      18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls40.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls40.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls40.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls40.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::0              18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls40.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls40.totQLat                     178750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls40.totBusLat                    90000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls40.totMemAccLat                516250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls40.avgQLat                    9930.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls40.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls40.avgMemAccLat              28680.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls40.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls40.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls40.readRowHits                      5                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls40.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls40.readRowHitRate               27.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls40.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls40.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.readPktSize::6                  18                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::0                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.bytesPerActivate::samples           13                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls40.bytesPerActivate::mean    88.615385                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls40.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.724086                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls40.bytesPerActivate::stdev    41.628393                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls40.bytesPerActivate::64-79            9     69.23%     69.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls40.bytesPerActivate::128-143            3     23.08%     92.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls40.bytesPerActivate::192-207            1      7.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls40.bytesPerActivate::total           13                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls40.bytesReadDRAM                 1152                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls40.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls40.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls40.bytesReadSys                  1152                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls40.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls40.avgRdBW                       6.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls40.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls40.avgRdBWSys                    6.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls40.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls40.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls40.busUtil                       0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls40.busUtilRead                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls40.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls40.totGap                   165358000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls40.avgGap                  9186555.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls40.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl40         1152                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls40.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl40 6522699.219767402858                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls40.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl40           18                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls40.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl40       516250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls40.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl40     28680.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls40.pageHitRate                  27.78                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls40.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls40.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40.rank0.actEnergy              92820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank0.preEnergy              49335                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank0.readEnergy            128520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank0.actBackEnergy       27944820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank0.preBackEnergy       44287680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank0.totalEnergy         86025255                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank0.averagePower      487.080611                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls40.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls40.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    114838763                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     56055237                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu50.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu50.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu50.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu50.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu50.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu51.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu51.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu51.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu51.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu51.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu52.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu52.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu52.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu52.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu52.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu53.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu53.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu53.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu53.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu53.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu54.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu54.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu54.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu54.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu54.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu55.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu55.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu55.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu55.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu55.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu56.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu56.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu56.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu56.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu56.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu57.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu57.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu57.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu57.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu57.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls49.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl49         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls49.bytes_read::total             1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls49.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl49          128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls49.bytes_written::total           128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls49.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl49           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls49.num_reads::total                24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls49.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl49            2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls49.num_writes::total                2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls49.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl49      8696932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls49.bw_read::total             8696932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls49.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl49       724744                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls49.bw_write::total             724744                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls49.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl49      9421677                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls49.bw_total::total            9421677                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls49.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl49::samples        26.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls49.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls49.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls49.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls49.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls49.numStayReadState                94                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls49.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls49.readReqs                        24                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls49.writeReqs                        2                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls49.readBursts                      24                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls49.writeBursts                      2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls49.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls49.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls49.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::0              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.avgRdQLen                     0.97                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls49.avgWrQLen                     0.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls49.totQLat                     192500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls49.totBusLat                   120000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls49.totMemAccLat                642500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls49.avgQLat                    8020.83                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls49.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls49.avgMemAccLat              26770.83                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls49.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls49.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls49.readRowHits                     10                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls49.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls49.readRowHitRate               41.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls49.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls49.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.readPktSize::6                  24                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.writePktSize::6                  2                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::0                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.bytesPerActivate::samples           14                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls49.bytesPerActivate::mean   109.714286                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls49.bytesPerActivate::gmean   100.775047                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls49.bytesPerActivate::stdev    46.481475                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls49.bytesPerActivate::64-79            6     42.86%     42.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls49.bytesPerActivate::128-143            6     42.86%     85.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls49.bytesPerActivate::192-207            2     14.29%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls49.bytesPerActivate::total           14                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls49.bytesReadDRAM                 1536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls49.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls49.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls49.bytesReadSys                  1536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls49.bytesWrittenSys                128                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls49.avgRdBW                       8.70                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls49.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls49.avgRdBWSys                    8.70                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls49.avgWrBWSys                    0.72                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls49.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls49.busUtil                       0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls49.busUtilRead                   0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls49.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls49.totGap                   163481500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls49.avgGap                  6287750.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls49.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl49         1536                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls49.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl49 8696932.293023204431                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls49.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl49           24                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls49.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl49            2                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls49.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl49       642500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls49.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl49     26770.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls49.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl49         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls49.pageHitRate                  38.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls49.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls49.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49.rank0.actEnergy              99960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank0.preEnergy              53130                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank0.readEnergy            171360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank0.actBackEnergy       32008920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank0.preBackEnergy       40865280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank0.totalEnergy         86720730                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank0.averagePower      491.018436                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls49.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls49.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    105912764                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     64981236                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls48.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl48         1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls48.bytes_read::total             1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls48.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl48           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls48.num_reads::total                19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls48.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl48      6885071                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls48.bw_read::total             6885071                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls48.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl48      6885071                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls48.bw_total::total            6885071                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls48.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl48::samples        19.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls48.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls48.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000126998                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls48.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls48.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls48.numStayReadState                82                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls48.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls48.readReqs                        19                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls48.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls48.readBursts                      19                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls48.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls48.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls48.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls48.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::0              19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.avgRdQLen                     0.97                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls48.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls48.totQLat                     212249                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls48.totBusLat                    95000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls48.totMemAccLat                568499                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls48.avgQLat                   11171.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls48.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls48.avgMemAccLat              29921.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls48.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls48.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls48.readRowHits                      7                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls48.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls48.readRowHitRate               36.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls48.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls48.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.readPktSize::6                  19                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::0                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.bytesPerActivate::samples           12                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls48.bytesPerActivate::mean   101.333333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls48.bytesPerActivate::gmean    93.620131                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls48.bytesPerActivate::stdev    42.787707                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls48.bytesPerActivate::64-79            6     50.00%     50.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls48.bytesPerActivate::128-143            5     41.67%     91.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls48.bytesPerActivate::192-207            1      8.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls48.bytesPerActivate::total           12                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls48.bytesReadDRAM                 1216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls48.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls48.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls48.bytesReadSys                  1216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls48.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls48.avgRdBW                       6.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls48.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls48.avgRdBWSys                    6.89                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls48.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls48.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls48.busUtil                       0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls48.busUtilRead                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls48.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls48.totGap                   163176000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls48.avgGap                  8588210.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls48.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl48         1216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls48.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl48 6885071.398643369786                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls48.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl48           19                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls48.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl48       568499                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls48.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl48     29921.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls48.pageHitRate                  36.84                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls48.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls48.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48.rank0.actEnergy              85680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank0.preEnergy              45540                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank0.readEnergy            135660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank0.actBackEnergy       27675780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank0.preBackEnergy       44514240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank0.totalEnergy         85978980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank0.averagePower      486.818599                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls48.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls48.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    115444261                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     55449739                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus50.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus50.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus50.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus50.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus51.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus51.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus51.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus51.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus52.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus52.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus52.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus52.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus53.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus53.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus53.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus53.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus54.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus54.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus54.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus54.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus55.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus55.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus55.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus55.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus56.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus56.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus56.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus56.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus57.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus57.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus57.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus57.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus58.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus58.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus58.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus58.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus59.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus59.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus59.power_state.numTransitions            1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus59.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls54.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl54         1472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls54.bytes_read::total             1472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls54.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl54          128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls54.bytes_written::total           128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls54.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl54           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls54.num_reads::total                23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls54.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl54            2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls54.num_writes::total                2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls54.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl54      8334560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls54.bw_read::total             8334560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls54.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl54       724744                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls54.bw_write::total             724744                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls54.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl54      9059304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls54.bw_total::total            9059304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls54.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl54::samples        24.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls54.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls54.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000080998                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls54.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls54.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls54.numStayReadState                90                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls54.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls54.readReqs                        23                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls54.writeReqs                        2                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls54.readBursts                      23                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls54.writeBursts                      2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls54.servicedByWrQ                    1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls54.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls54.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::0              22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls54.avgWrQLen                     0.80                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls54.totQLat                     216749                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls54.totBusLat                   110000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls54.totMemAccLat                629249                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls54.avgQLat                    9852.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls54.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls54.avgMemAccLat              28602.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls54.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls54.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls54.readRowHits                      8                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls54.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls54.readRowHitRate               36.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls54.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls54.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.readPktSize::6                  23                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.writePktSize::6                  2                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::0                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.bytesPerActivate::samples           13                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls54.bytesPerActivate::mean   103.384615                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls54.bytesPerActivate::gmean    91.748123                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls54.bytesPerActivate::stdev    55.661984                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls54.bytesPerActivate::64-79            8     61.54%     61.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls54.bytesPerActivate::128-143            2     15.38%     76.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls54.bytesPerActivate::192-207            3     23.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls54.bytesPerActivate::total           13                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls54.bytesReadDRAM                 1408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls54.bytesReadWrQ                    64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls54.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls54.bytesReadSys                  1472                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls54.bytesWrittenSys                128                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls54.avgRdBW                       7.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls54.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls54.avgRdBWSys                    8.33                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls54.avgWrBWSys                    0.72                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls54.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls54.busUtil                       0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls54.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls54.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls54.totGap                   171623500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls54.avgGap                  6864940.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls54.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl54         1408                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls54.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl54 7972187.935271270573                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls54.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl54           23                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls54.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl54            2                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls54.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl54       629249                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls54.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl54     27358.65                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls54.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl54         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls54.pageHitRate                  33.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls54.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls54.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54.rank0.actEnergy              99960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank0.preEnergy              49335                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank0.readEnergy            157080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank0.actBackEnergy       28137480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank0.preBackEnergy       44125440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank0.totalEnergy         86091375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank0.averagePower      487.454987                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls54.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls54.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    114419512                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     56474488                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls55.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl55         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls55.bytes_read::total             1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls55.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl55           64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls55.bytes_written::total            64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls55.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl55           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls55.num_reads::total                26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls55.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl55            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls55.num_writes::total                1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls55.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl55      9421677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls55.bw_read::total             9421677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls55.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl55       362372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls55.bw_write::total             362372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls55.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl55      9784049                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls55.bw_total::total            9784049                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls55.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl55::samples        27.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls55.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls55.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000430498                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls55.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls55.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls55.numStayReadState                97                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls55.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls55.readReqs                        26                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls55.writeReqs                        1                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls55.readBursts                      26                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls55.writeBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls55.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls55.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls55.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::0              26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.avgRdQLen                     0.96                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls55.avgWrQLen                     0.34                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls55.totQLat                     432749                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls55.totBusLat                   130000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls55.totMemAccLat                920249                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls55.avgQLat                   16644.19                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls55.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls55.avgMemAccLat              35394.19                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls55.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls55.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls55.readRowHits                      9                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls55.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls55.readRowHitRate               34.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls55.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls55.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.readPktSize::6                  26                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.writePktSize::6                  1                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::0                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.bytesPerActivate::samples           16                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls55.bytesPerActivate::mean          100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls55.bytesPerActivate::gmean    91.178408                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls55.bytesPerActivate::stdev    46.556059                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls55.bytesPerActivate::64-79            9     56.25%     56.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls55.bytesPerActivate::128-143            5     31.25%     87.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls55.bytesPerActivate::192-207            2     12.50%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls55.bytesPerActivate::total           16                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls55.bytesReadDRAM                 1664                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls55.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls55.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls55.bytesReadSys                  1664                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls55.bytesWrittenSys                 64                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls55.avgRdBW                       9.42                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls55.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls55.avgRdBWSys                    9.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls55.avgWrBWSys                    0.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls55.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls55.busUtil                       0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls55.busUtilRead                   0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls55.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls55.totGap                   165312000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls55.avgGap                  6122666.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls55.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl55         1664                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls55.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl55 9421676.650775138289                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls55.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl55           26                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls55.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl55            1                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls55.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl55       920249                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls55.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl55     35394.19                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls55.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl55         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls55.pageHitRate                  33.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls55.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls55.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55.rank0.actEnergy             121380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank0.preEnergy              60720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank0.readEnergy            185640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank0.actBackEnergy       35908290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank0.preBackEnergy       37581600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank0.totalEnergy         87379710                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank0.averagePower      494.749623                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls55.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls55.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     97337016                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     73556984                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls56.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl56         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls56.bytes_read::total             1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls56.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl56           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls56.num_reads::total                26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls56.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl56      9421677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls56.bw_read::total             9421677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls56.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl56      9421677                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls56.bw_total::total            9421677                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls56.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl56::samples        26.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls56.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls56.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls56.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls56.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls56.numStayReadState                96                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls56.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls56.readReqs                        26                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls56.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls56.readBursts                      26                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls56.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls56.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls56.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls56.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::0              26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.avgRdQLen                     0.96                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls56.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls56.totQLat                     206250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls56.totBusLat                   130000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls56.totMemAccLat                693750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls56.avgQLat                    7932.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls56.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls56.avgMemAccLat              26682.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls56.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls56.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls56.readRowHits                     11                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls56.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls56.readRowHitRate               42.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls56.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls56.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.readPktSize::6                  26                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::0                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.bytesPerActivate::samples           14                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls56.bytesPerActivate::mean   114.285714                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls56.bytesPerActivate::gmean   100.775047                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls56.bytesPerActivate::stdev    62.397520                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls56.bytesPerActivate::64-95            7     50.00%     50.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls56.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4     28.57%     78.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls56.bytesPerActivate::192-223            2     14.29%     92.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls56.bytesPerActivate::256-287            1      7.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls56.bytesPerActivate::total           14                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls56.bytesReadDRAM                 1664                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls56.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls56.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls56.bytesReadSys                  1664                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls56.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls56.avgRdBW                       9.42                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls56.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls56.avgRdBWSys                    9.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls56.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls56.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls56.busUtil                       0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls56.busUtilRead                   0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls56.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls56.totGap                   165691000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls56.avgGap                  6372730.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls56.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl56         1664                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls56.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl56 9421676.650775138289                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls56.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl56           26                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls56.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl56       693750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls56.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl56     26682.69                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls56.pageHitRate                  42.31                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls56.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls56.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56.rank0.actEnergy             107100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank0.preEnergy              53130                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank0.readEnergy            185640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank0.actBackEnergy       34110510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank0.preBackEnergy       39095520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank0.totalEnergy         87073980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank0.averagePower      493.018560                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls56.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls56.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    101304765                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     69589235                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls57.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl57         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls57.bytes_read::total             2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls57.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl57          192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls57.bytes_written::total           192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls57.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl57           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls57.num_reads::total                36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls57.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl57            3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls57.num_writes::total                3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls57.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl57     13045398                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls57.bw_read::total            13045398                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls57.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl57      1087117                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls57.bw_write::total            1087117                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls57.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl57     14132515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls57.bw_total::total           14132515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls57.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl57::samples        34.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls57.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls57.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls57.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls57.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls57.numStayReadState               109                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls57.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls57.readReqs                        36                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls57.writeReqs                        3                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls57.readBursts                      36                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls57.writeBursts                      3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls57.servicedByWrQ                    5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls57.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls57.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::0              31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls57.avgWrQLen                     1.88                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls57.totQLat                     247500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls57.totBusLat                   155000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls57.totMemAccLat                828750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls57.avgQLat                    7983.87                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls57.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls57.avgMemAccLat              26733.87                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls57.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls57.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls57.readRowHits                     13                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls57.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls57.readRowHitRate               41.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls57.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls57.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.readPktSize::6                  36                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.writePktSize::6                  3                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::0                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.bytesPerActivate::samples           17                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls57.bytesPerActivate::mean   112.941176                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls57.bytesPerActivate::gmean   100.919028                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls57.bytesPerActivate::stdev    57.819191                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls57.bytesPerActivate::64-95            8     47.06%     47.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls57.bytesPerActivate::128-159            6     35.29%     82.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls57.bytesPerActivate::192-223            2     11.76%     94.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls57.bytesPerActivate::256-287            1      5.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls57.bytesPerActivate::total           17                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls57.bytesReadDRAM                 1984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls57.bytesReadWrQ                   320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls57.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls57.bytesReadSys                  2304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls57.bytesWrittenSys                192                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls57.avgRdBW                      11.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls57.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls57.avgRdBWSys                   13.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls57.avgWrBWSys                    1.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls57.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls57.busUtil                       0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls57.busUtilRead                   0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls57.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls57.totGap                   172671500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls57.avgGap                  4427474.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls57.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl57         1984                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls57.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl57 11233537.545154972002                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls57.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl57           36                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls57.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl57            3                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls57.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl57       828750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls57.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl57     23020.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls57.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl57         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls57.pageHitRate                  38.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls57.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls57.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57.rank0.actEnergy             128520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank0.preEnergy              64515                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank0.readEnergy            221340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank0.actBackEnergy       43244760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank0.preBackEnergy       31403520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank0.totalEnergy         88584735                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank0.averagePower      501.572554                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls57.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls57.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     81230017                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     89663983                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls50.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl50         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls50.bytes_read::total             1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls50.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl50          192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls50.bytes_written::total           192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls50.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl50           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls50.num_reads::total                24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls50.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl50            3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls50.num_writes::total                3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls50.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl50      8696932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls50.bw_read::total             8696932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls50.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl50      1087117                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls50.bw_write::total            1087117                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls50.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl50      9784049                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls50.bw_total::total            9784049                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls50.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl50::samples        26.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls50.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls50.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls50.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls50.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls50.numStayReadState                93                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls50.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls50.readReqs                        24                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls50.writeReqs                        3                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls50.readBursts                      24                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls50.writeBursts                      3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls50.servicedByWrQ                    1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls50.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls50.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::0              23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.avgRdQLen                     0.99                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls50.avgWrQLen                     1.28                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls50.totQLat                     192500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls50.totBusLat                   115000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls50.totMemAccLat                623750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls50.avgQLat                    8369.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls50.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls50.avgMemAccLat              27119.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls50.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls50.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls50.readRowHits                      9                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls50.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls50.readRowHitRate               39.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls50.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls50.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.readPktSize::6                  24                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.writePktSize::6                  3                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::0                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.bytesPerActivate::samples           14                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls50.bytesPerActivate::mean   105.142857                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls50.bytesPerActivate::gmean    92.045482                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls50.bytesPerActivate::stdev    59.442095                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls50.bytesPerActivate::64-79            9     64.29%     64.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls50.bytesPerActivate::128-143            1      7.14%     71.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls50.bytesPerActivate::192-207            4     28.57%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls50.bytesPerActivate::total           14                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls50.bytesReadDRAM                 1472                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls50.bytesReadWrQ                    64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls50.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls50.bytesReadSys                  1536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls50.bytesWrittenSys                192                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls50.avgRdBW                       8.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls50.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls50.avgRdBWSys                    8.70                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls50.avgWrBWSys                    1.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls50.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls50.busUtil                       0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls50.busUtilRead                   0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls50.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls50.totGap                   168320000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls50.avgGap                  6234074.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls50.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl50         1472                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls50.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl50 8334560.114147236571                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls50.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl50           24                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls50.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl50            3                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls50.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl50       623750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls50.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl50     25989.58                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls50.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl50         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls50.pageHitRate                  34.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls50.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls50.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50.rank0.actEnergy              99960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank0.preEnergy              53130                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank0.readEnergy            164220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank0.actBackEnergy       29154360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank0.preBackEnergy       43269120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank0.totalEnergy         86262870                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank0.averagePower      488.426002                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls50.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls50.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    112175264                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     58718736                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls51.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl51         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls51.bytes_read::total             1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls51.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl51          192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls51.bytes_written::total           192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls51.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl51           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls51.num_reads::total                28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls51.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl51            3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls51.num_writes::total                3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls51.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl51     10146421                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls51.bw_read::total            10146421                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls51.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl51      1087117                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls51.bw_write::total            1087117                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls51.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl51     11233538                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls51.bw_total::total           11233538                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls51.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl51::samples        30.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls51.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls51.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000458998                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls51.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls51.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls51.numStayReadState               101                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls51.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls51.readReqs                        28                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls51.writeReqs                        3                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls51.readBursts                      28                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls51.writeBursts                      3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls51.servicedByWrQ                    1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls51.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls51.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::0              27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.avgRdQLen                     0.96                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls51.avgWrQLen                     1.38                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls51.totQLat                     433249                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls51.totBusLat                   135000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls51.totMemAccLat                939499                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls51.avgQLat                   16046.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls51.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls51.avgMemAccLat              34796.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls51.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls51.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls51.readRowHits                     11                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls51.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls51.readRowHitRate               40.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls51.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls51.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.readPktSize::6                  28                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.writePktSize::6                  3                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::0                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.bytesPerActivate::samples           16                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls51.bytesPerActivate::mean          108                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls51.bytesPerActivate::gmean    92.832635                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls51.bytesPerActivate::stdev    69.004348                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls51.bytesPerActivate::64-95           10     62.50%     62.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls51.bytesPerActivate::128-159            3     18.75%     81.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls51.bytesPerActivate::192-223            1      6.25%     87.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls51.bytesPerActivate::256-287            2     12.50%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls51.bytesPerActivate::total           16                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls51.bytesReadDRAM                 1728                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls51.bytesReadWrQ                    64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls51.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls51.bytesReadSys                  1792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls51.bytesWrittenSys                192                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls51.avgRdBW                       9.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls51.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls51.avgRdBWSys                   10.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls51.avgWrBWSys                    1.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls51.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls51.busUtil                       0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls51.busUtilRead                   0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls51.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls51.totGap                   163895000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls51.avgGap                  5286935.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls51.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl51         1728                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls51.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl51 9784048.829651104286                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls51.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl51           28                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls51.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl51            3                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls51.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl51       939499                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls51.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl51     33553.54                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls51.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl51         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls51.pageHitRate                  36.67                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls51.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls51.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51.rank0.actEnergy             114240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank0.preEnergy              60720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank0.readEnergy            192780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank0.actBackEnergy       31515300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank0.preBackEnergy       41280960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank0.totalEnergy         86686080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank0.averagePower      490.822245                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls51.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls51.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    106967765                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     63926235                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls52.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl52         1472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls52.bytes_read::total             1472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls52.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl52           64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls52.bytes_written::total            64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls52.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl52           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls52.num_reads::total                23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls52.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl52            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls52.num_writes::total                1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls52.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl52      8334560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls52.bw_read::total             8334560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls52.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl52       362372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls52.bw_write::total             362372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls52.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl52      8696932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls52.bw_total::total            8696932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls52.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl52::samples        24.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls52.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls52.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls52.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls52.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls52.numStayReadState                91                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls52.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls52.readReqs                        23                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls52.writeReqs                        1                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls52.readBursts                      23                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls52.writeBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls52.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls52.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls52.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::0              23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.avgRdQLen                     0.96                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls52.avgWrQLen                     0.72                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls52.totQLat                     178750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls52.totBusLat                   115000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls52.totMemAccLat                610000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls52.avgQLat                    7771.74                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls52.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls52.avgMemAccLat              26521.74                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls52.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls52.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls52.readRowHits                     10                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls52.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls52.readRowHitRate               43.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls52.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls52.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.readPktSize::6                  23                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.writePktSize::6                  1                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::0                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.bytesPerActivate::samples           13                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls52.bytesPerActivate::mean   113.230769                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls52.bytesPerActivate::gmean   104.356659                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls52.bytesPerActivate::stdev    46.400707                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls52.bytesPerActivate::64-79            5     38.46%     38.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls52.bytesPerActivate::128-143            6     46.15%     84.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls52.bytesPerActivate::192-207            2     15.38%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls52.bytesPerActivate::total           13                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls52.bytesReadDRAM                 1472                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls52.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls52.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls52.bytesReadSys                  1472                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls52.bytesWrittenSys                 64                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls52.avgRdBW                       8.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls52.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls52.avgRdBWSys                    8.33                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls52.avgWrBWSys                    0.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls52.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls52.busUtil                       0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls52.busUtilRead                   0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls52.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls52.totGap                   164242000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls52.avgGap                  6843416.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls52.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl52         1472                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls52.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl52 8334560.114147236571                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls52.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl52           23                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls52.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl52            1                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls52.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl52       610000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls52.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl52     26521.74                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls52.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl52         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls52.pageHitRate                  41.67                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls52.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls52.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52.rank0.actEnergy              92820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank0.preEnergy              49335                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank0.readEnergy            164220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank0.actBackEnergy       29663370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank0.preBackEnergy       42840480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank0.totalEnergy         86332305                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank0.averagePower      488.819148                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls52.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls52.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    111071513                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     59822487                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls53.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl53         1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls53.bytes_read::total             1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls53.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl53          192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls53.bytes_written::total           192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls53.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl53           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls53.num_reads::total                25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls53.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl53            3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls53.num_writes::total                3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls53.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl53      9059304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls53.bw_read::total             9059304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls53.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl53      1087117                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls53.bw_write::total            1087117                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls53.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl53     10146421                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls53.bw_total::total           10146421                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls53.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl53::samples        28.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls53.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls53.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls53.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls53.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls53.numStayReadState                97                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls53.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls53.readReqs                        25                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls53.writeReqs                        3                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls53.readBursts                      25                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls53.writeBursts                      3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls53.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls53.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls53.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::0              25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls53.avgWrQLen                     0.49                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls53.totQLat                     206250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls53.totBusLat                   125000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls53.totMemAccLat                675000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls53.avgQLat                    8250.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls53.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls53.avgMemAccLat              27000.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls53.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls53.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls53.readRowHits                     10                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls53.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls53.readRowHitRate               40.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls53.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls53.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.readPktSize::6                  25                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.writePktSize::6                  3                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::0                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.bytesPerActivate::samples           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls53.bytesPerActivate::mean   106.666667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls53.bytesPerActivate::gmean    97.770568                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls53.bytesPerActivate::stdev    46.319799                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls53.bytesPerActivate::64-79            7     46.67%     46.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls53.bytesPerActivate::128-143            6     40.00%     86.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls53.bytesPerActivate::192-207            2     13.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls53.bytesPerActivate::total           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls53.bytesReadDRAM                 1600                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls53.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls53.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls53.bytesReadSys                  1600                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls53.bytesWrittenSys                192                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls53.avgRdBW                       9.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls53.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls53.avgRdBWSys                    9.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls53.avgWrBWSys                    1.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls53.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls53.busUtil                       0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls53.busUtilRead                   0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls53.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls53.totGap                   170969000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls53.avgGap                  6106035.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls53.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl53         1600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls53.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl53 9059304.471899170429                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls53.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl53           25                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls53.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl53            3                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls53.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl53       675000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls53.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl53     27000.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls53.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl53         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls53.pageHitRate                  35.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls53.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls53.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53.rank0.actEnergy             107100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank0.preEnergy              56925                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank0.readEnergy            178500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank0.actBackEnergy       36075300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank0.preBackEnergy       37440960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank0.totalEnergy         87380865                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank0.averagePower      494.756163                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls53.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls53.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     96980765                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     73913235                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls58.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl58         2112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls58.bytes_read::total             2112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls58.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl58           64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls58.bytes_written::total            64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls58.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl58           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls58.num_reads::total                33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls58.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl58            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls58.num_writes::total                1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls58.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl58     11958282                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls58.bw_read::total            11958282                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls58.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl58       362372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls58.bw_write::total             362372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls58.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl58     12320654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls58.bw_total::total           12320654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls58.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl58::samples        33.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls58.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls58.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000347998                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls58.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls58.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls58.numStayReadState               109                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls58.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls58.readReqs                        33                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls58.writeReqs                        1                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls58.readBursts                      33                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls58.writeBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls58.servicedByWrQ                    1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls58.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls58.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::0              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls58.avgWrQLen                     0.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls58.totQLat                     432749                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls58.totBusLat                   160000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls58.totMemAccLat               1032749                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls58.avgQLat                   13523.41                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls58.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls58.avgMemAccLat              32273.41                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls58.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls58.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls58.readRowHits                     12                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls58.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls58.readRowHitRate               37.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls58.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls58.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.readPktSize::6                  33                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.writePktSize::6                  1                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::0                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.bytesPerActivate::samples           19                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls58.bytesPerActivate::mean   104.421053                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls58.bytesPerActivate::gmean    93.325707                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls58.bytesPerActivate::stdev    53.164646                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls58.bytesPerActivate::64-79           11     57.89%     57.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls58.bytesPerActivate::128-143            4     21.05%     78.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls58.bytesPerActivate::192-207            4     21.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls58.bytesPerActivate::total           19                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls58.bytesReadDRAM                 2048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls58.bytesReadWrQ                    64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls58.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls58.bytesReadSys                  2112                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls58.bytesWrittenSys                 64                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls58.avgRdBW                      11.60                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls58.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls58.avgRdBWSys                   11.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls58.avgWrBWSys                    0.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls58.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls58.busUtil                       0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls58.busUtilRead                   0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls58.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls58.totGap                   173532000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls58.avgGap                  5103882.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls58.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl58         2048                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls58.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl58 11595909.724030937999                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls58.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl58           33                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls58.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl58            1                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls58.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl58      1032749                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls58.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl58     31295.42                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls58.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl58         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls58.pageHitRate                  36.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls58.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls58.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58.rank0.actEnergy             142800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank0.preEnergy              72105                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank0.readEnergy            228480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank0.actBackEnergy       44680590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank0.preBackEnergy       30194400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank0.totalEnergy         88840455                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank0.averagePower      503.020457                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls58.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls58.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     78055519                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     92838481                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls59.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl59         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls59.bytes_read::total             1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls59.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl59          192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls59.bytes_written::total           192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls59.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl59           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls59.num_reads::total                26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls59.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl59            3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls59.num_writes::total                3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls59.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl59      9421677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls59.bw_read::total             9421677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls59.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl59      1087117                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls59.bw_write::total            1087117                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls59.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl59     10508793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls59.bw_total::total           10508793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls59.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl59::samples        29.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls59.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls59.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls59.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls59.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls59.numStayReadState                99                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls59.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls59.readReqs                        26                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls59.writeReqs                        3                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls59.readBursts                      26                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls59.writeBursts                      3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls59.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls59.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls59.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::0              26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls59.avgWrQLen                     0.69                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls59.totQLat                     261250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls59.totBusLat                   130000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls59.totMemAccLat                748750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls59.avgQLat                   10048.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls59.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls59.avgMemAccLat              28798.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls59.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls59.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls59.readRowHits                      7                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls59.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls59.readRowHitRate               26.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls59.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls59.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.readPktSize::6                  26                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.writePktSize::6                  3                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::0                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.bytesPerActivate::samples           18                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls59.bytesPerActivate::mean    88.888889                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls59.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.164312                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls59.bytesPerActivate::stdev    44.659350                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls59.bytesPerActivate::64-79           13     72.22%     72.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls59.bytesPerActivate::128-143            3     16.67%     88.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls59.bytesPerActivate::192-207            2     11.11%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls59.bytesPerActivate::total           18                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls59.bytesReadDRAM                 1664                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls59.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls59.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls59.bytesReadSys                  1664                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls59.bytesWrittenSys                192                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls59.avgRdBW                       9.42                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls59.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls59.avgRdBWSys                    9.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls59.avgWrBWSys                    1.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls59.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls59.busUtil                       0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls59.busUtilRead                   0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls59.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls59.totGap                   173933000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls59.avgGap                  5997689.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls59.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl59         1664                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls59.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl59 9421676.650775138289                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls59.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl59           26                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls59.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl59            3                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls59.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl59       748750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls59.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl59     28798.08                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls59.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl59         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls59.pageHitRate                  24.14                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls59.rank1.actEnergy                  0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank1.preEnergy                  0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank1.readEnergy                 0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank1.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank1.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank1.actBackEnergy        2470380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank1.preBackEnergy       65739840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank1.totalEnergy         81732300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank1.averagePower      462.773619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank1.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls59.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    170894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59.rank0.actEnergy             135660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank0.preEnergy              68310                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank0.readEnergy            185640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank0.writeEnergy                0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank0.refreshEnergy   13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank0.actBackEnergy       35134800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank0.preBackEnergy       38232960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank0.totalEnergy         87279450                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank0.averagePower      494.181945                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls59.rank0.totalIdleTime              0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls59.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     99000269                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT     71893731                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu29.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu29.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu29.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu29.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu29.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu28.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu28.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu28.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu28.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu28.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu25.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu25.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu25.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu25.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu25.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu24.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu24.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu24.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu24.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu24.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu27.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu27.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu27.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu27.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu27.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu26.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu26.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu26.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu26.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu26.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu21.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu21.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu21.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu21.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu21.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu20.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu20.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu20.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu20.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu20.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu23.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu23.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu23.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu23.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu23.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu22.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu22.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu22.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu22.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu22.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    176614000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
